waterboarding at guantanamo bay sounds super rad if you don't know what either of those things are

april fool's day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.

i have never once hit the space bar while watching a youtube video with the intention of scrolling halfway down the page

when sweden is playing denmark, it is swe-den. the remaining letters, not used, is den-mark.

maybe 'are you smarter than a 5th grader?' isn't a show that displays how stupid grown adults can be, but rather, a show that depicts how much useless

the object of golf is to play the least amout of golf. 

"the bachelor" is a show about a man dating multiple women at once that is primarily watched by women who hate men who date multiple women at once.

netflix needs an incognito mode so that i can watch terrible films without getting recommended more terrible films

there should be confetti in tires so when there is a blow out it's still kind of an okay day

if you go to jail for tax evasion, you're living off of taxes as a result of not paying taxes.

websites should post their password requirements on their login pages so i can remember wtf i needed to do to my normal password to make it work on their

now that cellphones are becoming more and more waterproof, pretty soon it will be okay to push people into pools again.

i used hola unblocker to watch argo on the canadian netflix. i was an american who had to pretend to be canadian to watch a movie about americans who have to

aol who i have never given a dollar to still hosts my e-mail address from 6th grade and yet my university whom i've given over 60 thousand dollars to

"do not touch" would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille. 

maybe if we announce that buzzfeed's shutting down, buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down.

every time you upvote someone, you are making their day better, at the cost of nothing.

shrek is a movie about loving yourself for who you are despite your physical appearance, but during the entire film they are making fun of lord farquaad

last night my friend asked to use a usb port to charge his cigarette, but i was using it to charge my book. the future is stupid.

of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank god it's the yawn. 

instead of all the prequel and sequel movies coming out, they should start making equels - films shot in the same time period as the original film, but

apple has "air." amazon has "fire." google has "earth." i think microsoft should create something called "water."

x88b88 looks like the word voodoo reflecting off of itself. 

senior citizen discounts should just round dollar amounts down so we don't have to wait in line behind them while they dig for change.

"go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"

in the future, imagine how many go-pros will be found in snow mountains containing the last moments of peoples lives.

your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet

we should have a holiday called space day, where lights are to be shut off for at least an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy.

coffee should have a "caffeine by volume" rating like alcohol so i can choose how wired i really want to be when i buy coffee

the sinking of the titanic must have been a miracle to the lobsters in the kitchen.

since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating.

american journalism has gotten to the point that readers are criticized for not fact checking news articles.

i never burn bridges; i just fail to maintain them, and let them structurally degrade over time.

the person who would proof read hitler's speeches was a grammar nazi. 

they should announce a sequel to groundhog day and then just re-release the original.

on april fools day, brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally

if you aren't at least a little ashamed of your country's history, you don't know your country's history.

instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters. 

car horns should only be allowed to be in pitches c, e, and g, so whenever two people honk at the same time it will be in harmony and traffic jams will sound

the best item to protect you from sasquatch attacks is a camera. 

i'm convinced most of the adults who told me wiki is unreliable, now use viral facebook posts for most of their news sources.

when drone technology becomes cheap enough, hands-free umbrellas are gonna be the shit.

i mostly use my driver's license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive.

if leonardo dicaprio ever wins an oscar, he should pull out a dusty piece of paper and do an acceptance speech as if it's from 1993

when a company offers me a better price after i cancel their subscription, they're just admitting they were overcharging me.

it would be a good idea to have "the price is right" with billionaires, just to see how out of touch they are.

your dog doesn't know you can make mistakes. when you trip over him in the dark, he thinks you got up just to kick him in the head.

with as much as i use my cell phone i don't believe it's ever made an appearance in one of my dreams

i wonder if my dog always follows me into the bathroom when i have to go potty because i always follow him outside when he does and he just thinks that's how

if you swap the spinach for beer, then any episode of popeye becomes a bitter story of a raging alcoholic, right down to the speech impediment and tendency

if goldilocks tried three beds, then momma bear and daddy bear slept seperately. baby bear is probably the only thing keeping the family together.

is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?

when you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow 

my 102 year old grandmother has lived through 42



"would you rather crash on a friend's couch or the freeway?" would be a good campaign slogan against drinking and driving.

i don't think we're thankful enough that the whole world agreed on the same units of time.

in the event of an apocalypse i would spend the first 20 minutes wondering why the internet doesn't work

the google self-driving car should have an "i'm feeling lucky" button that drives you to a random location.

dog food could say it's any flavor it wants, you're not going to test it. 

as a dishwasher, i come home after hours of work in which i get covered in filth, and i take a shower only to realize...i am the final dish

maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually expire and turn into mulch which they can consume

as a graphic designer, my entire career exists because i was able to pirate photoshop 10 years ago.

i've woken up over 10,000 times and i'm still not used to it 

a bachelor party is more appropriate after a divorce than before a wedding. 

no 'how i made a million dollars' books include the author starting their journey to wealth by reading a book about how to make a million dollars.

if libraries were thought up today, they would be shut down by book industry lobbyists

over the past year i've taken so many "before" pictures of my body while telling myself im going to start working out, i basically just have a

"i can't check the time because my watch is doing a software update" is probably the most ridiculous thing i've said this week

what are snails even trying to do 

there should be an app like tinder but for jobs. like hey you have 42 jobs that meet your qualifications near you. then the company can swipe left for

becoming an adult feels like slowly being put into a managerial position you didn't really want

dungeon keys in zelda work on any door but can only be used once. that is the exact opposite of how a key is supposed to work.

task manager should have an "end as many tasks as possible without crashing my system" button

if i see something like a cat or hydraulic press at the top of the front page i know all has been relatively well with the western world for the past 24

on april fools day, pornhub should pop up a notification that says "successfully shared to facebook"

my activities on the internet are basically the same things i would do if i were a ghost: listen in on people's conversations, spy on people having sex,

/r/showerthoughts should have hot/cold tap heads as the upvote/downvote buttons

every cell in my body knows how to replicate dna yet i'm not in on it so i have to spend hours studying it

everyday, someone on earth unknowingly does the biggest poo in the world for that day.

netflix is like a refrigerator full of food but with nothing i want to eat. 

if employee of the month won a private bathroom instead of a parking spot, i would be way more motivated at my job.

my 18 month daughter has reached the intelligence level of the sims. she can move around, clap at random things and make garbage sounds but everything else

the reason i want to get ahead in life is so that i can be lazy once and for all.

most orchestras are just 1800's cover bands. 

if apple pay came before credit/debit cards, the invention of a battery-free payment tool that fits in your wallet might be seen as an improvement.

only mortals have told me that it would suck to live forever. 

putting soymilk into coffee is putting beanwater into a different kind of beanwater.

almost every hand i've ever shaken has had a dick in it. 

if colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who have "at least 2-3 years college

having a toddler is like being on a permanent escort mission: a low ai character tries to follow you around, and if you're not careful enough,

between the coffee and the cocaine, it looks like the mission of colombia is to wake up the world.

i definitely used way more glue in the first five years of my life than i have in all the time since then.

dogs probably destroy shoes because they see humans put them on before they leave the house.

my debit card pays for things with past hours of my life, and my credit card pays with future hours of my life.

on any given day in a hospital, you can find people having the best day of their life, the worst day of their life, the first day of their life, and the

my car keys have traveled more than my car 

sleeping in is considered lazy, but going to bed early is not. 

facebook is ubiquitous, but has a reputation for low-quality content. it's become the walmart of social media.

the entire purpose of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gun fight. 

if self-driving cars kick in fast enough, women may never be able to drive in saudi arabia.

between "south park", "rick and morty", "archer", etc., i watch more cartoons now than i did as a kid.

making fun of a fat person at the gym is like making fun of a homeless person at a job fair.

bushing your teeth is the only time you clean your skeleton 

it would be really weird if emotional dramas had "cry tracks" similar to sitcoms with laugh tracks.

i used to set up a single song downloading on limewire overnight and bask in the glory of it the next day, now if i click a gif link that doesn't load

growing up, i thought 'slow dances' would be a bigger occurrence in my adult life than it is.

if 9/11 had happened this year instead of 2001, we'd have all kinds of horrifying, incredible footage from people trapped inside the world trade

every "how it's made" video should be archived in the event of an apocalypse. 

i would rather spend 10 extra minutes driving on an empty road than be in traffic.

i drive safer when there's food on my passenger seat than when there's a person sitting there.

i read through /r/nosleep yesterday and realized that terrible things only happen to people with excellent storytelling skills.

girl scouts is basically a brand-name cookie company that gets away with child labor.

as a bald, hairy man, i should probably shampoo my body and use body wash soap on my head.

having a video not load after watching an entire ad, is like the equivalent of having a vending machine eat your money.

when i accidentally type my password into the username box, i always feel like someone is watching me and saying "finally got him."

what if earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in south america, like the whole galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until

thanks to the internet, i have probably seen more naked ladies than all of my ancestors combined.

coming from a big family, i don't know what is more sad - that one of us will have to go to seven funerals, or that one of us won't have to go to any.

you know you're an adult when your house makes noises and you're scared it's an expensive repair bill and not a monster.

if keyboards came with braille on them, we all could have subconsciously learned braille by now.

i wish i had a mario kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so i'd know if i was running late.

cowboys that ride off into the sunset quickly run out of daylight and have to camp just outside of town. probably should've just stayed put for the night

if fish keep declining, future generations will think “plenty of fish in the sea” is a sarcastic quip meaning they will never find anyone.

i wish the first rule of crossfit was the same as fight club. 

a bed is a shelf for your body when you are not using it. 

i should ask my barber where he gets his hair cut, then go there and slowly make my way up the chain until i find the greatest barber in the world...or

a guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend won't let him go and everyone will likely understand. but if a girl declines an invitation by

the only time i've ever used the panic button on my car key is when i accidentally press it, causing me panic.

that google chrome "what tab is being noisy?" speaker icon should function as a mute button.

someone's therapist probably knows all about you and probably thinks it's your fault.

the real unsung hero in school of rock is the promoter who got about 2,000 people to a local battle of the bands on a weekday morning.

i don't get why people are upset we haven't invented hover-boards by 2015 when according to the same movie, we should've had a time machine back in in 1985.

dora calls herself an "explorer," but travels exclusively through mapped territories

there should be a take your parent to work day so that they can see what their kid has grown up to be.

if you attempt to rob a bank you won't have any trouble with rent/food bills for the next 10 years whether you are successful or not

most animals don't recognize their own reflection because their brains aren't complex enough. i wonder if humans have observed something which we cannot

were it not for steve harvey, most of us would not have even known the miss universe pageant took place yesterday.

everytime someone in a movie has to draw blood they always cut the palm of their hand. surely this is the least convenient place to have a deep cut.

you can tell that the flintstones lived a very long time ago because they're a single-income working class family with their own house.

when i procrastinate, current me really expects a lot out of future me. 

a vampire could switch one of the lenses of his glasses with a mirror and effectively have a rear-view mirror

the world isn't getting dumber. it's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard.

if my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.

dating in your 30s and 40s is like, "i wonder what this person's tragedy is" 

there should by a gym where the membership fee is extremely high at the beginning of the month but you earn money back for every day you end up going

if you're 24 years old, you've already been around for 10

history. 

it's a good thing dr. seuss books come with pictures, because otherwise i'd have no fuckin clue what he was talking about.

i wish web browsers would wait until after i've successfully logged in before asking to save a password for a website.

i still use my college id to get two dollars off movie tickets 15 years after graduating. so, if i see 10,000 movies my diploma will have pretty much paid

when i was a younger person i had to use the oxford dictionary to understand adult words and now that i'm an adult i have to use urban dictionary to

adblock should buy out signs around time square and replace them with "this ad has been blocked by adblock"

people argue with me more in my head than they do in real life. 

i think we should all take a moment and be grateful our bodies don't shit while we're asleep.

based off the amount of people who seem to actually use their turn signals when driving, it's a good thing that reverse lights turn on automatically.

a telephone makes sound travel faster than the speed of sound 

isn't it weird in movies sometimes when there's a fight on top of a truck yet all the cars behind them will be driving like normal like "this is real messed

in a submarine battle you can be under fire, underwater, on fire, and taking on water all at the same time.

for most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. then we got rid of

why are wedding dresses bought and tuxedos rented? the utility of each is such that it should be the other way around.

most of my targeted ads are for things i just recently bought, which seems redundant

you should be able to yell "be right there" to your phone and since it knows you're coming, it gives you a few extra rings before sending the user to

the olympics should have a 'for fun' section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.

"where are you" is probably the least used phrase in sign language. 

if obama was the president of kenya, he would be their first white president. 

facebook shares are just the new "fw: fw: fw: fw: fw:" of stupid images and jokes

to the dinosaurs, we live in a post-apocalyptic future. 

2 days off: typical weekend. 3 days off: well rested. 4+ days off: forget every single element of what it takes to be a functional member of society.

most superheroes are born with their powers or get them through an accident, while most supervillains gain their powers through intelligence or years of

as a kid, i had absolutely no idea that my favourite thing as an adult would be doing nothing.

as a child, the concept of having a favourite color seemed more important than it turned out to be.

the missing malaysia flight 370 is exactly what the show "lost" would've looked like from the rest of the world's pov.

i've seen people on reddit do more intense research on random shit than i ever have in high school and college put together

i have two cushions. my wife bought them. their sole reason for existence is to throw the them on the bedroom floor at 11pm every evening.

as a kid, if i was in trouble or my parents did something i didn't like, i would say to myself, "i will never do that to my kids." now as a parent, i

somewhere in the world, there is somebody with your dream job that hates going to work everyday

in highschool, eating lunch alone is considered lame and can result in bullying. in a busy office, eating lunch alone and undisturbed is considered a

you know you're fucked if your favorite band visits you while you're in a hospital

it would be scary as fuck if the entire ocean was clear like a swimming pool. 

the two things that i resist the most in my day are going to bed at night, and getting out of bed in the morning.

me not being able to watch "the interview" is the first real time i've ever directly been affected by north korea

"he died doing what he loved" would be a horrible thing to say at a drug addicts funeral.

my kids don't beg for toys and i realized it's because they never get to see commercials

you could seriously piss off your neighbours by buying a puppy and naming it the same as their child.

i can't remember a single product i've seen advertised on youtube. not one. my brain registers the ad as an impediment to what it wants and immediately

"it's raining men," and "let the bodies hit the floor," are about the same event, but wildly different perspectives.

the reason why tomato soup and grilled cheese is such a good combo is because it's basically the same ingredients as pizza.

the biggest lie in taco commercials is someone taking a bite of a hard shell taco &amp; it not immediately exploding in their hands.

i turned 18 a half hour ago, i've spent 100



all the guys from 'pawn stars' should compete on an episode of 'the price is right'

if someone forgets to clear the time on the microwave, after 3 minutes it should automatically default back to displaying the time.

if doctor had told me i have 6 months left to live, i would approach it as any other deadline and probably just be lazy until the last month.

a batman movie from the point of view of a random street gang would probably be a lot like the film "predator"

art is how we decorate space; music is how we decorate time. 

due to the evolution of bacteria with respect to our bodies natural defense mechanisms, traveling forward in time could kill you, and traveling back in

when i bake bread, i give thousands of yest organisms false hope by feeding them sugar, before ruthlessly baking them to death in an oven and eating their

the star wars films are set mainly in outer space yet they've never once shown a zero gravity scene.

the viagra commercial says "make sure your heart is healthy enough for sex". that's a really deep question if you think about it in a more

you know it's time to check your bank account when you're too afraid to check your bank account.

you never know how many people you dislike until you have to name your child 

in my life i've purchased at least 50 cans of wd40, right now i can locate two, i've never thrown one away, and i have no idea where the rest went

3g used to be the best thing going. now, when my phone's indicator says 3g, it pretty much functions like i have no signal at all.

the movie snowden should be leaked online before it gets released in theaters. 

your future self is watching you right now through memories. 

the best thing about dogs is you can act like something really good just happened and they’ll instantly start celebrating. they have no idea what the

porn sites should enable sorting by the number of people who left the website after watching the video

vampires only suck your blood for vitamin d because they can't go out in the sun themselves.

if someone told me to transport a $30,000 object that, if mishandled, could kill everyone around it, i would walk it so slowly and carefully to its

cellphones should have 2 passwords for unlock, one which would be for you and unrestricted.. the other would be for you parents/friends that wouldn't show

it's a little ironic that my "lazy" clothes, are the exact same as my gym clothes

if someone tells me they're dumb, i assume they're smarter than they think, but of someone tells me they're smart i assume they're dumber than they think.

i don't appreciate the time that i don't have a cold nearly enough as i should.

if google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time.

the first immortal creature will probably be a lab rat 

students are stereotypically viewed as being lazy, but i worked ten times harder as a student than i do in my career now

waking up with a hangover is like rebooting in safe mode. the main functions still work, but it's impossible to get anything else done.

there should be a website where you can sign up and swap your halloween costume with another person every year to save yourself money.

during childhood, we are told that jokes about the genital areas are adult content, but once we become adults, these jokes are considered "childish".

barn owls must have been stoked when the barn was finally invented. 

best thing about the panama papers scandal so far is that its name doesn't end in "gate".

whenever i type 'etc...' it usually means i'm completely out of examples. 

my way of flirting is looking at the person i'm attracted to and hoping they're braver than i am.

wish i were a little kid so i could take a long nap and everyone would just be proud of me.

if you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years). you wouldn't even make the top 50 on the forbes list.

i am a much better proofreader the moment after i post something than the moment before.

if organized crime started printing high quality counterfeit college textbooks and then sold them at cut rate prices, it would be a really good public

amazon should have an option to donate money to get you over the free shipping threshold.

from the mouth of my 8 year old son: "when you think about the future, your mind is time traveling."

hundreds of people put thousands of hours of work into a project, just for me to watch two minutes of it on netflix then say "ugh, nevermind."

there exists a set of finite actions that, if i performed them in the correct order, would make me a millionaire in a day. i just don't know what they are.

food doesn't really go 'bad' something just starts eating it before you do. 

if google maps added 5 minutes to every time estimate on directions millions of people would be on time for things.

europeans may have introduced smallpox and decimated native americans, but native americans introduced europeans to tobacco, killing many more over the

if katniss and peeta from "hunger games" were hollywood celebrities, their supercouple nickname would either be katpee or peeniss

reddit is the only place where i've learnt to not trust the article headlines and instead expect a stranger in the comments to tell me the truth

if people who hate minions subscribe to /r/minionhate, it fills their front page with even more minions.

the laugh track in "how i met your mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience.

i would like to give thanks to the brave men and women who died a long time ago tasting which plants were edible and which plants were not.

the iconic alien is to us what we are to apes: small, pale, big headed, and with unfathomable technology. we even abduct them for medical experiments.

an "unlimited minutes per month" phone plan really only gives you 44,640 minutes per month at best

wherever a fatal car crash or pedestrian death occurs, a red square with the year of the accident should be permanently included in the pavement. seeing a

we use sex to sell everything. we arrest those who buy and sell actual sex. 

we put clocks in our mobile phones, so we didn't need to look at watches. now we put mobile phones in our watches so we don't need to look at our mobile

we need a boy scouts for adult men. i'd love to go camping, hunting, &amp; fishing and learn about nature with like-minded individuals.

someone should use screen recording software to record an entire day's worth of working on spreadsheets and post it to youtube so that i can play it full

if you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror-movie. after a while it won't feel like you are alone anymore.

i'm so afraid of commitment that when choosing a default app to open a file, i always pick 'just once' over 'always'.

beatboxers must be really good at demonstrating the noise their car has been making when they bring it to a mechanic.

as an adult, i can quite literally do whatever i want to, but i always end up wanting to just go home.

i've clicked thousands of links on reddit without getting a virus. yet, my grandparents can spend 10 minutes on my laptop and get a virus.

i would pay a lot of money to see every "i was born in the wrong time period" person put into a reality tv show where they have to authentically live in

i spent my early 20's trying to get new games to play on old computers and i spent my late 30's trying to get old games to play on new computers

if someone farts at a poker tournament, no one will ever know who did it. 

because telescopes work using mirrors, we'll never know if there are any space vampires.

if two pregnant women get into a fist fight, it's like a mech battle between two fetuses.

in a 500-day period i could theoretically meet someone, get married, have a baby, and get divorced--and yet i'd still be using the same box of q-tips.

nintendo should create a tower defense game where the objective is to keep princess peach from getting kidnapped in the first place.

every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit

trying to get rich by playing the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines.

i sit at work in front of a computer all day just to afford to sit at home in front of a computer all night.

as an adult, you can literally do what ever you want to do, i always end up wanting to just go home.

my phone knows how to route me around an accident miles ahead in real time, but still hasn't figured out what the hell i'm doing when i pull off the road

i think the worst part about a break up isn't the loneliness; it's knowing there is someone out there who knows how incredibly weird you are that you no

all males strive to "be the man" while avoiding "being that guy". 

the fact that google autocompletes all of my questions is an affirmation of how unoriginal all my problems are.

as an adult i think about running away way more then i ever did as a kid. 

growing up, i heard a lot about anchovy pizzas. now that i'm an adult, i realize that i have never once heard anyone order an anchovy pizza.

when i unsubscribe from a newsletter and get an email confirming that i've been unsubscribed, it feels like they needed to be the one to say the last

i wish i had a mario kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so i’d know if i was running late.

when i'm old the fact that i'm older than google will be really impressive 

you aren't actually afraid of being left alone in your house, or in the forest; you're afraid that you aren't alone.

facebook's list of "suggested friends" is quite literally a list of people i've been avoiding my entire life.

i am more responsible with the resources i have in video games than i am with the resources i have in real life.

i never realized how short a month is until i started paying rent 

i'm raising my son on netflix, and so far he has not been exposed to one iota of advertising, and has no idea what the 'cool' toys are.

tamagotchis have been replaced with fitbit. now we are the thing that needs to be walked.

we live in a world where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons..

i can't believe frying pans and pots don't have standardized detachable handles yet. one handle fits all, and storage would be so much easier.

no one has looked at my computer in over 3 years, but i still go incognito when i watch porn.

whether you're a woman or a straight man, taking a bra off is likely to be one of the high points of your day.

death would be much more terrifying if it was actually possible to live forever

if alcohol was classified like any other drug it would be a prime example of how drugs can ruin your life

people who are goodlooking but have terrible personalities are basically real life click baits

being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever 

i'm not scared of a computer passing the turing test... i'm terrified of one that intentionally fails it.

my phone, remote, and even smoke detector can warn me of a low battery but my car doesn't have a fucking clue.

as i grow older, calvin and hobbes gets funnier, but garfield gets worse. 

at age 30, you've spent a month having birthdays. 

dippin dots has been the ice cream of the future for over 28 years. 

earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire. 

the moral of rudolph the red nose reindeer is that no one likes you unless you're useful.

when i don't text people back right away it's because i'm working, busy or just don't feel like talking at that moment. when people don't text me back

the leather jacket i've been wearing for 10 years has been worn longer by me than the cow that it came from.

when my parents owned a huge vhs camcorder, they filmed everything. now that there's a video camera in their pocket, they film nothing.

i'd never lick my dish sponge but i happily rub it all over stuff i eat out of.

i just realized that whenever i hear a "... walk into a bar" joke, ive been picturing the same bar my whole life. i wonder if it exists somewhere or if

every time my wife shows me something on facebook before i see it on reddit i feel like all of you have failed me.

it's crazy that's there's this giant thing in the sky all the time that we're not supposed to look at.

i'm willing to spend countless hours perfecting my mmo character but i halfass my way through real life.

the skeleton isn't inside you, you're the brain so you're inside the skeleton 

the simpsons has been on the air long enough that i've stopped identifying with the kids and started identifying with the adults

batman is a 1 percenter beating up the mentally ill. 

i used to carry a condom in a particular pocket in my purse. i now carry stamps in there instead. at some point in the last few years, it became more

between pens and lighters, bic is making a fortune off of people losing their products.

nothing says "top of the food chain" like squid-ink calamari pasta: you're eating another animal, and seasoning it with its defense mechanism.

mosquitoes are like dirty used needles that can fly. 

randomly hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod.

while growing up, the bermuda triangle seemed like a real threat for a while there.

bodies are weird. i can run, jump, wakeboard, do cartwheels, play piano, and type 90 words per minute, but if i brush my teeth with the wrong hand it's

i didn't exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine 

by the end of this century people will start looking up their ancestors on facebook.

every time a character dies on a tv show i just feel bad for the actor who pretty much just got fired in front of us.

i just now realized the connection between the words "timid" and "intimidate" 

kanye west is offering a prize to anyone who can guess what kanye west's new album title "tlop" stands for. kanye west probably doesn't even know what it

if your front door has a mail slot, then you live in a mailbox. 

victoria is living the dream we all have when we get fired - that the company that fired us will instantly and fantastically fall apart.

google maps should have a "scenic!" route option for when we're not in a hurry and just want to enjoy the ride.

if smartphones had been invented 50 years ago they'd probably have a cigarette lighter built in

two of the biggest problems after a hurricane are not having enough water and having way too much water.

when someone tells you to go and do a chore you were about to do anyway, it makes you about 100 times less willing to do it

i wish i could see a woman that i know is equally as attractive as i am so i know how attractive i am to the opposite sex

all porn videos should start with 5 seconds of music to remind me that my volume is turned up.

it's not a sunday unless you completely waste it and feel really sad around 8pm

if you wanted to be incognito by choosing the most common first and last name in the world, you'd really stand out, mohamed wang.

i am more comfortable talking with newer friends because they are familiar with the newest incarnation of me and hold less expectations.

i spent seven hours vividly hallucinating then i woke up and ate the meat of other animals for energy, now i'm going to do something i don't want to for

it's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.

you think you're unique until you have to choose a username 

"my two cents" has been in use since the twenties but has never been adjusted for inflation; opinions are becoming increasingly worthless.

the laws that we are supposed to be aware of and abide by are so complex that there is an entire profession dedicated to understanding them

i like to think money wouldn't change me; yet when i'm winning monopoly i'm a terrible person.

adding an "e" to the end of a word makes it seem old, but adding one to the beginning makes it sound high-tech.

ever noticed how supervillains are always trying to change things and superheroes always try to resist the change?

superman's build should be thin and scrawny, because nothing is heavy enough to offer him a proper resistance workout.

"i sold an hour of my life for $13" doesn't sound nearly as good as "i make $13/hour."

as a kid i thought being able to perfectly reproduce my signature would be much a bigger deal than it actually is.

a true mad scientist would only destroy half of the earth, since the other half is the control group.

what if ghosts don't kill us because then we'd be ghosts and it'd be super awkward.

the idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds.

youtube should permanently disable ads on rick astley's 'never gonna give you up' so the joke isn't ruined

i hate when people show me youtube videos but love showing people youtube videos

when stan lee dies, all the marvel movie characters should mention they have funerals to attend for their postman/doorman/friend/stripclub dj and then be

as an early 90's child, i'm really glad that a 6 to 15-year-old me couldn't post my thoughts all over the internet.

i would rather watch a blank screen for the duration of an ad than watch the ad itself.

the fact that i can't recognize my co-workers outside of uniform 85

time, tells me superman knows exactly what he's doing. 

people who ask easily-googled questions are looking for interaction, not answers.

having facebook, there is no more reason to have high school reunions, you already know what people are up to and you still don't care.

at least stephen hawking can have a conversation with his dentist during a cleaning

having anti-piracy messages on legitimately bought and legal dvds is like lecturing a punctual classroom on attendance.

if cats had wings,they'd still just lay there. 

mummies are just upper-class zombies. 

diabetes is one disease where a sugar pill isn't a placebo 

snoop dogg has probably been stoned for longer than i have been alive. 

if i was a gotham villain my name would be earl e. bird. id commit crimes at daybreak because signaling batman would be pretty fucking hard.

if i'm a 7 out of 10, that's the same as 3.5 out of 5. i probably wouldn't buy me on amazon.

you know that your game of monopoly starts to escalate when someone asks for the game instructions

a baby is initially in water (womb), then comes to land (born), then crawls on the body, then walks on four feet, then stands up and walks on two feet. just

using solar panels to power an air conditioning unit is like using the sun's power against itself.

the word "fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "eat".

i never realised how great having no food allergies is. i can go to the store and literally buy anything without having to check the ingredients.

if items in a vending machine were all $1 instead of $1.15 or $1.25, i'd be much more inclined to buy something.

in theory, there is a combination of digital 0's and 1's that would result in a video of me having a threesome with jennifer lawrence and emma watson.

remember that every corpse on everest was once a highly motivated person. 

silent movies were killed off 80 years ago, but now with gifs i watch more silent videos than i do those with sound.

most people are buried in suits and stuff so a zombie apocalypse would be a formal event

i wonder what my dog named me 

1984-2000 seems a very long time compared to 2000-2016. 

considering how there's no traces of humans in the film, the lion king could be set in any era. it could be the bronze age, 21st century or a cyborg future

as a child i was excited when the door bell rang...as an adult i pretend i'm not home.

while apple's new campus is being built, i wonder how many jokes have been made about "installing windows"

zombies should be naked from the waist down. all of that weight lost to dehydration and rot would cause their pants to fall down.

any dog can be a guide dog if you don't care where you're going. 

i really want marijuana to be legal, but only because i'm tired of grading terrible student papers about how marijuana should be legalized

if you're over 30, you were alive before every dog in the world. 

you know shit just went down in a tv episode when they show the credits with no music

microwave ovens need a 'midnight snack' button that disables the dings and beeps.

when you buy a washing machine it should come with a laundry basket that indicates how much can fit into the washing machine.

theme parks can snap a crystal clear picture of you on a roller coaster at 70 mph, but bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still.

if a world war 3 happens, it would get really awkward online as we are able to talk with our enemies

i have arrived at the time in my life where 100$ is barely anything to receive, but way too much to give.

we probably can't blow ourselves because the dudes who could naturally fell out of the gene pool.

weird al yankovich has managed to remain culturally relevant far longer than most of the people he's parodied

babysitting is a way for teenagers to feel like adults while adults go out to feel like teenagers.

procrastinating is just enjoying all the side quests in life whilst you delay the main quest story mission

what if all the ancient greek sculptures are actually victims of medusa? 

i'll consider myself successful when i no longer dread looking at my bank account.

bruce wayne's parents being murdered was the best thing that ever happened to gotham

this subreddit is one of the few i can thoroughly enjoy without ever opening the posts.

the radio in my video game has a greater variety of music than the one in my car.

becoming an adult is watching home alone and wondering how the parents afforded the house.

homeless people should relocate to local best buy, toys r us, walmart locations for the holidays. get line for black friday. then sell their spot in

the saying "9 to 5 type job" needs to be updated to "8 to 5 type job" for a more accurate reflection of what working in corporate america is like.

i bet people who work at the patent office spend a lot of time wishing they thought of that.

i recognize click bait almost every time, but still want to know what that child celebrity looks like today.

siri or cortana should say "uhm..." "uh..." "hm..." instead of showing a buffering animation.

this would be the absolute perfect time to actually rob ryan lochte. 

the older i get, the more i pity the people who say that high school was the best years of their life

now that i'm older, i realize the joke isn't that squidward hates his job, but that spongebob loves it.

i'm lucky enough to live in a country where if i hear an air raid siren i expect it to be followed by phat bass and a banging tune.

i have never seen a blind person reading a public braille sign 

amazon should have a "secret santa" feature, where you buy an item for a random person who has it on their wish list.

cartoons made me think dog catchers were super common, but now i'm pretty sure they don't even exist

my dog keeps bringing me the same toy. i wonder if that is his favorite toy, or if he thinks it is my favorite toy.

all my professors this semester have degrees from harvard. so i guess i'm getting a harvard education.

the moral of the ugly duckling is that everything was ok because he was actually pretty

every car should have a button for a half volume horn so i can beep at daydreamers at the lights without sounding angry.

my dog and i are best friends despite sharing almost no interests. 

i am more willing to go to the 12th page of pornhub than i am to the 2nd page of google.

imagine being completely naked in a room full of people who speak a different language and everyone wants to touch you. this is the life of a dog.

i'm bored when i listen to a song from my personal music library, but when it's played on the radio i get excited like it's the greatest song ever.

i always lie on those "18 and up" websites that ask for a dob. not because i'm under 18, but because i'm so old, it's a hassle to scroll to find my actual

the scroll to find my birth year on websites is getting uncomfortably long. 

my baby only says "baby". this is the closest i'll ever be to having a pokemon.

burglars must hate baby-proofed houses. trying to rummage through drawers and cabinets? can't get them opened more than an inch. television bolted to the

the first eighteen years of your life are like a free trial, and after that it's pay to play.

my 15 year old self would be appalled to hear how many times i've chosen sleep over sex.

i'm a virgin. if i donated sperm the babies would technically be born of a virgin.

i swallow my own saliva hundreds of times a day, but the idea of spitting into a cup and drinking it makes me gag.

if wile e. coyote had enough money to buy all that acme stuff, why didn't he just buy dinner

if hell is real, mine would involve someone following me around telling me to do things that i was already about to do..

we never wash our belts, but they are the first thing we touch after wiping our butts.

"it's not a pyramid scheme" is a phrase almost exclusively used by people involved in pyramid schemes

if you rip a hole in a net, there's actually fewer holes in it than it was before

the older i get the more i envy homer simpson. he owns a 4bd house, has a loving and supportive wife, and job security.

"i work for one of the richest companies in the world" sounds a lot better than "i work at walmart"

cats are the type of animal that, if they could, they would correct your grammar.

the share button on reddit should say "spreddit" 

nightmares are fucking weird. your brain is the author, viewer and cinema of a horror movie whose script is probably written as you are viewing it.

given that deadpool is aware he is in a comic/movie, the best commentary track for the bluray would be deadpool watching his own movie.

never in my entire life have i been naked for 24 hours straight... 

google maps should have a "on the way" feature to find the most convenient gas station, starbucks, or whatever along the route to your destination.

tapes had "a" and "b" sides so it only made sense to transition to "cds" 

scary movies should put high pitched sounds only dogs can hear so your dog will start acting crazy for (seemingly) no reason at the scariest parts.

when you're a kid, staying up late makes you feel like an adult. when you're an adult, staying up late makes you feel like a kid.

as someone with a bad memory, i wish i could google things that happened in my life.

"remind me to ________" is just another way of saying, "if i forget, it's your fault too".

you never realize how few original christmas songs there are until you work in retail and have to hear the same 6 songs sung by 10 different people in a 4 hr

when you step onto asphalt, you are standing on a nearly unbroken web which extends over almost the entire continent

casinos should play monopoly with actual money 

if anything terrible should ever happen to weird al, god forbid, there should be a tribute concert where artists perform al's versions of their songs.

watching jeopardy backwards would be about a panel of 3 people asking alex trebek questions that he always gets right.

in sign language, arthritis is a speech impediment. 

since the death star is the size of a small moon, obi wan and luke were very lucky that they docked close to the things they needed to accomplish

for halloween, snapchat should add a person standing in the background only after you take the picture.

my dream last night had a plot twist. i "created" the plot twist, yet didn't see it coming...

luke skywalker and obi-wan kenobi are pretty pale for living on a desert planet with two suns.

imagine if humans reproduced like plants. the man would be out in the open, naked, then bees would come and jack him off and carry his sperm to the woman.

reddit is like riding a bus. everybody is talking at the same time so you can't make out anything good and on the rare occasion you hear someone talk

when i turned 10, i realized how dumb everything i said as a young child was. when i turned 20, i realized how dumb everything i said in my teens

if you’re no longer covered by your parent’s health insurance, your manufacturer’s warranty is over.

urban dictionary is nice, but i could really use an urban thesaurus. 

the poor poor mods of almost every sub are going to have star wars spoiled for them

if your house burns down, there is probably a point where some food is perfectly cooked before it's over.

i wonder if the person who fired victoria will post about it in /r/tifu? 

after clearing your browser history, there should be an option to have it filled with random 'normal' websites, instead of it being all empty.

the assassin's creed series is going to run out of time periods where it's normal to have large piles of hay lying around.

75

to the frontpage 

i would watch the shit out of a show called "how it used to be made" about how people in different historical periods used to make things.

the 

to the 



if the app store had a "try before you buy" feature, i'd probably buy a lot more apps

it’s socially acceptable to talk about how reliant and addicted you are to a drug as long as that drug is caffeine.

i don’t necessarily work ‘better under pressure’, i just literally will not work until i am under the extreme pressure of time constraints created by my

in paintball, you should be allowed to use a paintbrush as a knife. 

snapchat is ruining all the progress we made on getting people to take horizontal videos

it's strange that the adoption process is so strict and rigorous; and yet any two people can produce a baby with no regulation whatsoever.

i can search the entire internet faster than i can search my computer 

if aliens come to earth, we have to explain why we made dozens of movies in which we fight and kill them

as someone who was born well after nixon's presidency, i have learned more about him through futurama than anything else.

now that i'm 25, i'm finally old enough to play a high schooler on tv. 

my resume is really just a list of things i hope i never have to do again. 

a cell phone doesn’t seem that heavy till you drop it on your face while laying down.

outer space is 50 miles up. canada is 200 miles north. i'm closer to outer space than i am to canada.

technology didn't make our society shittier, it just exposed all of the shitty things in our society.

when i lost a tooth as a child the tooth fairy brought me a dollar. when i lose a tooth as an adult the tooth demon takes away $1,000!

the speed of light is 186000 miles per second. my car is 8 years old and just hit 186000 miles. so it took my car 8 years to travel as far as light does in

bear grylls should take the spoiled rich kids from mtv's my super sweet 16 to live in the wild and name the show "grylls scouts"

there are seven year olds in america who have never had a white president 

i've used my driver's license more to buy alcohol than to prove i'm a registered driver.

i find it so hard to think "sassy" or "rude" little children are cute. because i know they are just mimicking their parents who are probably major assholes.

as an adult, i no longer masturbate because i'm horny. it's either to relieve stress or because im bored.

phone numbers in movies should be real numbers that just play commercials for upcoming movies by the same studio

if opposites attract, i should be dating a gorgeous, billionaire supermodel that has a loving family.

despite being an "island", antarctica has no south coast. only one big north coast.

if i save up all my dryer lint, i could spin it back into yarn and knit myself a sweater that's the average color of my entire wardrobe.

i don't text or call people. i'm paying $70 a month to look at memes on the go.

the engineer who invented automatic doors is eternally the greatest gentleman 

i hope that when donald trump dies he gets cremated and the guy working the oven says "you're fired" and laughs.

when i'm in a hurry every slow or easy going driver pisses me off. when i'm not in a hurry every aggressive driver pisses me off.

they should stop selling razors by gender and start selling them by which part of the body you are shaving. i.e. groin razors, face razors, leg razors

when i get in my car, i'm always surprised how loud i liked to listen to music yesterday.

your stomach thinks all potato is mashed. 

family guy should have hidden a bunch of different kids that looked like quagmire in each episode.

if my boss handed me my hourly wage in cash every hour i'd probably appreciate my job a lot more

the older i get the more i realize, the professional world is extremely unprofessional.

there should be a tinder for friends. i don't care about getting laid, but i'd really like a friend to play board games or go hiking with.

"taking candy from a baby" would actually be a responsible thing to do. 

for daylight savings, we should move the clocks forward an hour on monday at 9 am so that we lose an hour of work instead of sleep.

i haven't heard a damn thing about acid rain since high school. 

i will be remembered by less people than a gorilla when i die 

humans spend the first 18 (or more) years of their lives getting caught up to speed about what the other humans have been doing for the past few thousand

if my data is used to stream an advertisement i should get paid for it. 

the human body is really quiet for everything it does. 

whenever someone talks about a sexual experience on reddit i always imagine the people involved as being really hot, but they're most likely not at all.

i just got a book (made of tree) and put it in gift wrap (made of tree). then i wrote a card in pencil (made of more trees) to put it in an envelope

the fact that since our skins weren't warm enough, we stole the skins of other animals and wore them instead, is pretty creepy.

anyone notice the irony behind "hyphenated" and "non-hyphenated"? 

big supermarkets should have baskets placed around the store for that moment when i realize i can't carry another thing and should have got a basket

if homer simpson were a democratic congressman from springfield, ohio, he'd be "homer simpson (d-oh)".

i'm quitting smoking because my niece told me that she wants me to "be around as long as possible". if i get hit by a bus tomorrow i am going to be so

of course france would be the first country to actually have a fashion police 

the witches from sabrina having a cat called salem is like a jewish family with a cat called auschwitz.

never once have i sent an email from my iphone and thought, "i should tell this person that i sent this from my iphone."

the only reason that "shower thoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the very rare times that it is impossible to have your face buried in

letting your date use your phone charger, even though you're at 25

21st century equivalent of putting your coat over a puddle. 

why can't we just have 13 months in a year? 365 ÷ 13 ≈ 28 days in a month, meaning each month would have four 7 day weeks. it's so perfect.

pharoahs convincing people they were gods and that taxes should go to building the world's largest fucking buildings for them to die in was the original

if i was teleported to the middle ages, i'd have no idea how to recreate any current technology.

every time you clog a toilet you've exceeded someone's expectations 

the term asap is quite aggressive when used, but when you break it down to what it actually means it sounds quite reasonable.

i've seen mars with my own eyes, but not japan. 

when you buy halloween candy to hand out as an adult, it's like you are paying for all the free candy you got when you were a kid.

harry potter named his kids like some geek who is obsessed with harry potter. 

if a bigger car implies a smaller penis, and larger shoes imply a larger penis, then clowns must have massive dicks.

"great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people" is a quote that discusses people.

the average student learns calculus at a slightly younger age than when isaac newton discovered it.

when a browser asks "would you like to remember this password?" there ought to be a button that says "only if it works".

one day someone will use "i thought i was still in vr" as a criminal defense 

in the movie terminator 2, the terminator and the t-1000 talking on the phone were two ai machines trying to convince each other that they were human.

my dog understand several human words. i don’t understand any dog barks. he may be smarter than me.

i love how television has redefined the word 'marathon' to the exact opposite of physical exercise

when apple released the iphone 7, they should have played "hit the road, jack" in the commercials.

people who don't sleep enough die sooner. people who do, sleep through that extra time.

at a 27.44mph top speed, it is illegal for usain bolt to run in a school zone 

i like reading comments because it's like a conversation between people, but it's not weird if i just listen and don't add anything.

touch-free soap dispensers are pretty pointless if the soap actually works. 

if an asteroid wiped out humanity, burying our bodies far beneath the surface, under huge pressure and heat for milllions of years, turning us into oil. what

when i watched that 70's show as a teen, i related to eric and his quest for sex and acceptance among his peers. now, watching as an adult, i relate to

if you would mount garbage trucks with camera's you could weekly update google maps street view.

i have no physical evidence that today is sunday, i just take everyone's word for it that they've kept count since the first one ever.

i have an undergrad degree in math. i wonder how far back in time i have to go to be considered the world's greatest mathematician

i don't wish to be rich to have a bunch of fancy things, i wish to be rich so i don't have to worry about being poor.

a resume is really just a list of places i don't want to work at again 

95

cooking. 

in stuart little, the little family walked into an orphanage, looked at ever child there, and decided on a rodent.

you know you are no longer a child when getting money causes relief instead of excitement.

seasoned players of monopoly know the real aim is to get defeated as quickly as possible to escape the table.

the only difference between hoarders and extreme couponing seems to be shelving units.

in japan, radiation creates monsters (godzilla) and in america radiation creates superheroes

if today i asked a girl a/s/l and she responded with "?" i would immediately know she was too young for me

if there's a mean dog or a wild horse in a movie, they have to train an animal to act untrained.

by midday browsing reddit just becomes a game of which unclicked link sounds the least shitty.

once she hits a certain age, calling a female a "big girl" goes from being a compliment to an insult.

buying someone reddit gold is like walking around in a store with your buddies and giving the manager $4 when your friend says something particularly funny

starting task manager is like a parent saying "don't make me get the belt" 

right now, "friends" could be rebroadcast as, "that 90s show." 

if eharmony is so good why would you need a year subscription? 

taylor swifts "you belong with me" is just a gender swapped 'nice guy' rant. 

i add "reddit" after every question i search on google because i trust you all more than other strangers

one of the perks of being a woman is that no one can ever surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom.

i have never seen someone write the letter "a" with how it is shown in most fonts. i have only seen it written as "ɑ."

i wonder if my cursor has passed over every pixel on my computer screen 

if a burglar broke into my house at night, i'm sure they'd give up after the fourth baby gate.

sometimes i complain about how boring my life is while riding around in a metal machine that runs on explosions.

every facebook memory is a reminder of how dumb i was a few years ago 

you don't truly appreciate how good it is to not be sick until you get sick. 

the most suspicious thing you can bring on an airplane is a parachute 

the hobbit was a book about the dangers of greed. the hobbit films were ruined because of greed.

mosquitoes are grossly overlooked as a threat during the zombie apocalypse. 

when the older generations says this generation is terrible, they're really saying they sucked as parents.

if my job was to browse reddit i would probably spend less time on reddit at work.

google maps should have an "i need gas" feature. this button would re-direct your route through the nearest gas station.

if immortality becomes a thing... i'm going to quit my job and become a divorce attorney.

why don't jedis turn off their opponents lightsabers by force pressing the button?

botox could be considered a performance enhancing drug for poker players 

google earth gives you the opportunity to go and see anywhere in the world... so what you do? you go and look at your house.

when i was a single guy who played video games all the time, all i wanted was a girlfriend. now, as a married guy, all i want is to be able to play video

every home has a smell that you can't smell when it's your home 

why hasn't anyone strapped some cameras onto a sperm whale? they regularly dive into the deepest parts of the ocean and supposedly fight giant squids.

i'm pretty sure i've spanked my wife more than her parents ever did. 

every time a wind farm powers my desk fan, i'm just teleporting wind. 

my body probably thinks i'm some super alpha-male who eats a lot of high fat foods and "impregnates" women multiple times a day.

if there were people who could read minds, they would hear an awful lot of songs, sung with incorrect words, and likely very out of tune or rhythm.

whenever i yell at my dog to stop barking, he probably thinks "awesome now we're both barking".

whenever i fuck up bad, i just remember that somewhere, an ant just brought borax laced food back to his queen and killed his entire family.

when i was a small child, my grandmother showed me love by playing along with my make believe games. now that she is older and has dementia it is my turn to

rio's pollution and water contamination, coupled with the fact that the world's strongest and fastest human beings have convened there, makes for a

there should be a college course where you're required to bring your smartphone to the the exams in order to find answers to the questions (in

most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. we are reverting to the era of pocket watches.

i prefer reading dumb comments on reddit rather then facebook because i don't feel sad that my friend are so stupid

somewhere out there is a factory that makes dildos. workers spend long hours on the dildo machine, toiling to support their families. quality control

condoms are one of the most environmentally friendly things invented by man. a single one has the potential to eliminate the carbon emissions of an entire

most people's first word of the year is "happy". 

what the hell does a golfer do when they retire? most people retire then take up golf.

the charity i donated $10 to a few years back has now fully spend my money by sending me cards asking me to donate more

going to bed 10 minutes earlier doesn't seem like anything but sleeping in 10 minutes feels like everything.

the most unrealistic thing about grand theft auto is that the hospital visits are only $250

saying "i've lost the stylus for my tablet" would have also made sense 2000 years ago

if you're no longer covered by your parent's health insurance, your manufacturer's warranty is over

new horizons traveled 3 billion miles to pluto before tool was able to complete a new album.

there should be a tl;dr on terms and conditions 

they should remake shitty movies instead of good ones. 

i have never seen a plus sized male model 

every time i check my pockets for my wallet, keys, and phone, i do 25

macarena. 

saving private ryan, interstellar, and now the martian are all about saving matt damon

dr seuss would have had a hell of a time trying to write his stories with autocorrect

how is it that facebook can recognize faces, cars can almost drive themselves, but the vending machine still can't read my dollar bill if it has a wrinkle?

parents spend the first 20 years scaring their kids into not getting pregnant, and the next 20 wondering why they won't.

it must suck to be a butterfly on super windy day. "oh, i guess i'm going this way now."

maybe instead of thinking "if you can't handle me at my worst you don't deserve me at my best", you should think "you were with me at my worst so i

imdb should have a "can be confused for" section for actors. 

in the last 5 years, i've gone from thinking "please don't hit me" at approaching traffic as a pedestrian to "go ahead and hit me, i don't want to

if horses were carnivorous. they'd be fucking terrifying. 

on reddit you're never sure if you're talking to a world expert in their field or a 15-year-old boy

if you've had sex with less then 12 people, then having sex with you is a more exclusive club then walking on the moon

there should be a reverse-yelp that warns businesses about shitty customers. 

i can readily find videos of people being brutally beaten and murdered on youtube but if i use 30 seconds of a song my account gets terminated.

i'll give a million dollars to the man who can do something about motherfucking webpages moving an inch just before i click something so i hit

darth vader could fall asleep in imperial meetings and nobody would notice. 

the laugh track in "how i met your mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience.

breaking bad could have aired in the year 2000. walter white never once uses a computer, jesse pinkman uses a flip phone, and videos are shared between

"netflix and chill" has to be one of the largest unintentional ad campaigns in history

should i trust a pet shampoo that says it hasn't been tested on animals? 

i wonder if, in past times, the space on earth currently being occupied by my kitchen was the site of an epic life-or-death battle between two giant

two babies born at the same time on different sides of the world would have different birthdays.

why does my brain assume that new gadgets are delicate but as they get older they become stronger

"how it's made," always showing the assembly line machines, should do a show on how the assembly line machines are made.

instead of a reboot, ghostbusters should have been bill murray in a retirement home, dealing with the ghosts there.

we should get a notification every time someone attempts to create an account with our username, so we can feel good about ourselves for getting there first

the witches from the show "sabrina" have a cat named salem. that's like a jewish family having a cat named auschwitz.

i wonder if the reddit offices are full of cubicle workers who are constantly surfing websites about insurance, banking, and other office stuff when they're

the onion must be pissed because they can't come up with anything about donald trump that's funnier than his real life.

in fbi shows, cops are incompetent unskilled simpletons who just get in the way. in cop shows, the fbi are bureaucratic incompetent simpletons who just

i need self-tinting glasses, which get darker the longer someone talks to me. 

i wonder if a murderer has ever crossed my path, contemplated murdering me, and then thought "nah".

i wish there was a facebook feature to "hide this person for one month"... give them a time out for being annoying without writing them off

if we ever end up settling on a planet with low gravity, boobs will stay perkier much longer.

the powerpuff girls get their power from chemical x, as in the x chromosome. their power is girl power.

its odd that pornhub's comment section is less dumb and more friendly than youtube's

youtube should have a "never show me this channel ever again, not even in my searches" button.

if stanley kubrick did direct the moon landing, he would probably be so perfectionist he had them film on location anyway.

i used to take breaks from work to read reddit, now i take breaks from reddit to do work.

the lego batman movie will probably be the best reviewed dc film in a long time.

what if every country has ninjas, but we only know about the japanese ones because they’re rubbish?

"i make $30,000 a year" sounds totally different than "i will sell you an hour of my life for $14".

netflix revives shows based on how many streams they get. i can't believe i'm not personally responsible for a futurama revival already.

people go to jail for not paying taxes and then our taxes pay for them to be in jail

i wish i could wipe current thoughts from my mind like i can close running apps on my phone.

antibiotics could be considered a performance enhancing drug at this year's olympics.

the mcrib is the deadbeat dad of fast food sandwiches. it disappears for months at a time and then we're supposed to get all excited when it shows back

reddit is the only place where i read the comments on a news article instead of reading the article.

r/creepy should continue to show up on your front page even after you unsubscribe

when people don’t sit next to me on public transit i feel both slightly relieved and slightly rejected.

my facebook password is 14 characters with a capitalized letter and two numbers... my bank pin # is 4 digits

slow wifi pisses me off more than no wifi at all 

i would rather click through 10 different websites to find one list than click through 10 slides on one website

fingerless gloves are now perfectly sensible for pokémon trainers to wear. 

gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we have probably never seen one at full potential.

the most tragic victims of irony are the trees cut down to make copies of the lorax.

the progress bar for 'safe to enter chernobyl' hit 1



i'm not hungry after i eat, horny after sex, or thirsty after a drink. so why then fuck am i so tired after sleeping?

deodorant companies should stop advertising "last 48 hrs". some people do believe that and then they get on a crowded bus.

afromans 'because i got high' taught me more accurate consequences of marijuana than anything they said in school

every picture i take is a "before meth" picture 

i think i've masturbated more times in my life than i've flossed. 

the lottery is a great example of how if everyone just pitched in a couple dollars, how much money could be accumulated to get something big done.

i want to see a movie where machines gain intelligence and go to war with humanity, only to be defeated when some guy deletes a single semi-colon from

i wish jon stewart would just do a one-hour the monthly show with jon stewart. even if its from his living room and he's wearing sweatpants.

if pirates in media today are any indication, 300 years from now children's shows will have loveable, goofy jihadi terrorist characters.

the white power ranger doesn't sound like a character for a kids television show.

in high school, i was jealous of the girls who only dated college guys. then i got into college and saw the guys who only dated high school girls.

i imagine my browser eye-rolling everytime i open a new incognito tab 

since "finding nemo" led to a decline in the clownfish population from people wanting them as pets, disney should make a movie about elderly, disabled, or

there's a big bag of deadly acid in the middle of my body and i'm supposed to be totally okay with that.

why is homer simpson considered a professional failure? he is able to support a whole family in their own house as the sole earner.

i want to see a member of the opposite sex with the same attractiveness as me so i can see what i'm workin' with

they could replace the entire d.a.r.e. program with single viewing of requiem for a dream, and it would be more effective.

if our isp's cap data, ads should be considered theft. 

i never realize how explicit my music is until my parents hear it in the car. 

the average cost of a pack of smokes is approximately 9.05. at last check, a 12-pack of socks at walmart was $10. therefore, if i quit smoking, i could put

no girls on my facebook feed have posted pictures of themselves dressed as harley quinn for halloween and i'm pretty sure it's the internet's fault for

chat roulette should shadowban masturbating men by secretly connecting them only to other shadowbanned people.

people who say "money doesn't buy happiness" have probably never had to check their bank account before buying things like gas.

i would cause gigantic family rifts and break lifelong friendships if i commented on facebook like i do on reddit.

we should change the official date of halloween from the 31st to the last saturday of october.

the less someone posts on facebook, the more i think they have a life. 

what if earth is like the north korea of the solar system and all the other planets are inhabited, but we are kept from the truth, and our world leaders

i should have grown my hair really long in my 20's, then cut it off and saved it for use in a custom toupee now that i'm older and bald.

eminem always worried about his daughter not fitting in because of his explicit rapping. a clean-rapping father didn't seem to help jaden smith fit

if you type something all in caps accidentally, you should be able to highlight said text and reverse it by hitting the caps lock key.

the massive amount of gay sex that will happen tonight will have absolutely no effect on the birthrate in 9 months

people who say "if you can't love yourself, then nobody can" are indirectly saying "nobody loves you" to people with low self-esteem

two decades ago, our internet couldn't work without our phones. today our phones can't work without the internet.

the nsfw tag doesn't change if i view a post at work, just the angle i hold my phone when i view it.

once cell phones became prevalent, water balloons went from being mostly harmless to fairly detrimental.

just hearing that congress passed a 2000+ page budget bill with 2 days to read it makes me think they sign legislation like i agree to license agreements.

whenever i see/hear someone blaring music from their car, i instantly think 'douche bag'. when i do it, i figure everyone thinks 'there goes a guy with a

wile e. coyote is an embarrassment to his species. coyotes can max out at roughly 43 mph but roadrunners top out at 20

a successful marriage ends with watching the other person die. 

from a wookie's perspective, chewbacca is the handsome rogue and han is the dumb sidekick communicating in animal noises.

because the platypus both lays eggs and produces milk, it is one of the few animals that can make its own custard.

the first guy that paid for life insurance died never knowing if it was a scam.

the more interracial sex we have, the less interracial sex we can have. 

gandalf forced a party on bilbo to get rid of all his food so he wouldn't have a rotten pantry when he came back.

i spend more time staring at my speedometer to make sure i'm not speeding in a school zone than actually watching for children in the street

as a 20 year old man i still don't feel confident enough to brush my teeth in the shirt i plan on wearing today.

every paper towel commercial reminds me that the cleanest solution is to just not have children.

pandora should have a *"i like this song but not this version"* button. 

i owed blockbuster late fees. my game plan of waiting them out worked. 

i can't believe a james bond movie didn't come out in 2007 

sponges are weird. they're artificial now, but in the past people would pluck animals out of the ocean and use them to wash dishes and stuff. that seems

they should put a tiny message at the end of chapstick tubes congratulating you for not losing the damn thing.

when a pregnant woman swims, she is a human submarine. 

once everybody has a fast 3d printer, sending dicpics is going be a completely different proposition.

if 13 year old me knew that 30 year old me was still watching south park, he would be so fucking happy

i never see the fbi anti-piracy warnings anymore because most of the movies i watch are pirated.

browsing reddit has made me so accustomed to instant gratification that i find myself annoyed when i click something that turns out to be youtube link.

the date 9/10/2016 is still 9/10/2016 if you rotate it 180 degrees. 

most of the time when i lie, it is because the truth takes too long to explain.

i wonder if, through evolution, rain sounds are "soothing" at night because there's less of a chance of predators in a storm

the real annoyance with the loss of a headphones jack is that assholes will feel even less scrupulous to openly play sound in the bus.

the older i get, the less crazy i think my high school history teacher was for moving him and his family to new zealand and starting a farm.

/r/mildlyinteresting has more subscribers than /r/interesting, suggesting the former is more interesting than the latter

“i don’t watch tv” proudly says a person who spends 8 hours a day on the internet

i wish trey parker had the time to do a randy marsh podcast. i feel like i'd love to listen to randy interview celebrities and talk current events for some

the mythbusters expense report must look dodgy as hell to the irs 

my standard of living is far greater than that of a king in medieval times. 

tiger woods is a terrifying golf opponent, but an even more terrifying golf location

centaurs have two rib cages 

yesterday my steam account turned 9 years old. eventually my steam account will be older than the people i am playing against.

if i'm high enough to think my dog thinks i smoke too much, he's probably right.

the guy who made super size me should've done it during a monopoly sweepstakes 

based on genital structure, skirts should really be worn by men and pants by women.

teach a parrot to say parrot and you basically have a pokémon 

checking the "remember my password" box on a website unchecks the "remember my password" box in my head.

as a 30 year old father, i'm horrified that my parents were forced to raise me without google.

after centuries of seeing their colonies declare independence, the uk wanted to try it out.

skipping any links that are videos instead of gifs brings me to a whole new level of laziness that i never knew existed.

the reason people ask questions they could easily google is because they'd rather have a conversation about it.

social media sites should add a "grace period" so if you like the wrong post by accident, you can immediately unlike it without the person getting a

every cell in my body knows how to replicate dna yet i'm not in on it so i have to spend hours studying it.

the longer i stay at home, the more homeless i look. 

i've always wanted to be able to hear english and not understand it. 

netflix needs a "never show me this again" button 

i'm positive there is someone out there on reddit who subscribes to the exact same subreddits as i do and we would be very good friends.

our ultimate goal is to make as many people as sad as possible when we die. 

if super heroes were real, i doubt they'd spend as much time in 1st world countries, like they do in the comics.

if big alcohol and big pharma are the villains of weed legalization, then big snack and big water should be the heroes

if steve jobs was reincarnated into a chinese family he would be old enough to be making iphones now.

i'm an organ donor. if i die tomorrow, my death will be cause for major celebration for a total stranger.

when i first drank bud light, i didn't really like it because i didn't like beer. now, i don't really like it because i like beer.

as a kid, i got lectured for only doing the bare minimum to complete a task. as an engineer, i get paid to do just that.

after clearing browser history, there should be an option to fill up history with "normal" websites instead of it just being empty.

i just had a fajita wrap from tim hortons in new jersey. that's mexican food from a canadian restaurant in the united states. i just ate north america.

we were taught as kids to not get in strangers cars or meet strangers from the internet, and now we literally summon strangers from the internet and get in

most of the sky is actually below your feet. 

netflix is the most successful anti-piracy program ever intiated. 

if i ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened i'm going to tell them that i broke a promise.

my present self wants me to do my work later, but my future self wants me to do it right now.

in exactly one month, so many people are going to learn that steve buscemi was a firefighter and helped out on 9/11.

as a kid, nothing excited me more than seeing a mcdonalds playplace. as an adult, nothing disgusts me more than seeing a mcdonalds playplace

at the age of 28, my expected lifetime remaining is around 63

phones battery at 63



maybe flavour flav wore a clock around his neck so the media couldn't edit his interviews out of order, so the context is preserved.

zip code should be the first field in address section on web forms so that city and state fields are automatically populated

i wonder how many more views 'never gonna give you up' would have if youtube registered a view after only 1 second

in high school, i fantasized about freezing time to touch girls' boobs. that means i had more faith in me being able to stop time than being able to make a

the last ten squares on the toilet roll should have "this is not enough for the next person!" printed on them

i wish they'd stop remaking good movies, and instead remake bad movies that have good concepts so they're better.

at this point, the grand theft auto games would be far more controversial if they let you play as a law enforcement officer

police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot.

everybody gives the movie "signs" shit for having aliens that invade a planet that is 70

we can't even breathe on it 

i don't trust people to genetically 'design' their child because i see what they do with character creation in games.

does a centaur suck milk from horse nipples or human ones? 

the same people that need hours to text me back, are constantly on their phones when we hang out.

it's not surprising there are forest fires every year considering i'm the only one who can prevent them.

as an adult, i'll receive a £300 bill for the front tooth that i lost. as a kid, i would receive £2 for every tooth that i lost. these were no gifts. the

reddit is like a drug. it was exciting and fun at the start, now i just do it because it feels normal.

it's pretty rare to use an entire pen without losing it first. on the other hand, it's pretty common to find a pen already out of ink, so it's a paradox

teslas are so safe that they make headlines every time one crashes. 

do the people who pose in those stock photos in frames just buy those frames and put them around their houses like "here's the time i posed for a stock

cops are like spiders. they prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. people are scared of them. most mind their business and do their job -

instead of debates, we should give candidates three impromptu essay questions they have to answer in three hours in 1,000 words or less, and they have to

seeing as how both batman and ironman's only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, bill gates and steve jobs sure turned out to be

my brain knows how to type without looking at the keyboard yet i can not draw a qwerty keyboard from memory.

humans can't even co-exist peacefully with their own kind on earth and somehow still manage to convince themselves that meeting an extra-terrestrial species

some billionaire should give all their money to charity, start over, and call it prestiging.

another 4 years and "the simpsons" will be able to play a different halloween episode every day of october.

the levels of coolness associated with saying "i was in a band" vs "i was in band, " are vastly different.

if it weren't for all the bullshit and scandal, i wouldn't even know the olympics was happening right now.

for the first time in history, we have produced a class of poor people who are more likely to be obese than starving.

having someone's picture as the background of your smartphone is the modern day equivalent of having someone's picture in your wallet.

if you were to walk clockwise around the north pole, 11 miles out, you'd be stationary and using the earth as a treadmill.

i'll bet a lot of ziploc's annual profit is provided by the illegal drug trade.

porn is to sex as wwe is to wrestling 

taxes are like a subscription to your country that you can't cancel, no matter how bad the service gets.

the olympics should give out platinum medals to anyone who breaks a world record

is cutting off mike wazowski's legs the same thing as beheading him? 

there is no time i have ever thought, 'oh awesome, itunes opened itself.' 

when you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room and less bedroom. 

what if planet earth is the "noah's ark" of the galaxy and that's why we can't find life on other planets, it was destroyed long ago.

if most murder victims know their killer does it mean every time we meet someone new it increases our chance of being murdered?

when you have a lot, you have hair. when you only have a few, you have hairs. 

i assume all skulls are male 

as a 30 year old, 50 year old people don't look as old as i imagined when i was a child.

let's take a moment to appreciate that mother nature not only pre-sliced but also pre-wrapped oranges.

in spiderman(2002), peter didn't kill the spider that bites him, so the spider could've bit anyone else and there will be more than one spiderman.

the first person to make popcorn must have been seriously freaking out. 

if kids these days read something about an 8 inch floppy disk, they might just think it is a typo

there are killers out there who find the special type of person out of billions of people to have a partner in crime, and i still can't find a

the saying 'money can't buy you happiness' should be changed to 'money can't prevent sadness'

everyone who i've heard say "don't tell me how to raise my child" was not doing a good job at it.

my parents spent the first 18 years of my life telling me how unique and special i was, then spent the rest of my life telling me i am no different

the nice thing about pooping at a bowling alley is that nobody can tell who you are by your shoes.

mario kart go would be absolute mayhem 

teens claiming they were "born in the wrong generation" because of music being better in the past were actually born in the only generation with easy and

i wonder if the new snowden movie will be leaked before it hits theaters. 

if there isn't an "upside down" in space, then space battles in movies are unrealistic when the ships are always upright when they confront each other.

"phone" is one of the least used apps on my mobile phone 

people think it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects.

the tone i interpret from a text is the reflection of my own insecurities with that person.

in culinary school, your dog eating your homework is a pretty legitimate concern.

internet browsers should wait to ask me if i want to save my password until after i have figured out if i input the right one.

pacman was the first survival game with the undead chasing you. 

10,000's or 100,000's of people all keeping a secret for 50 years that the moon landings were faked would be a far greater achievement than actually

coitus and fellatio sound like a pair of shakespeare characters. 

kim jong un is the real life equivalent to plankton 

the oldest guy in the world breaks a world record every second 

ugly christmas sweaters were only interesting when they weren't intentionally ugly. ugly christmas sweater parties essentially killed ugly christmas sweater

people who say "sorry i look like shit, i'm not wearing any make-up" are literally apologizing for looking like a normal human being.

if something breaks easily, it's either really cheap or really expensive 

"men are afraid of strong women" is basically "girls don't date nice guys" for women.

fifteen year olds on summer vacation are probably the least stressed they will be until they're retired.

one of the best things about reddit is users don't display a profile photo. we can judge people on what they say, not what they look like

in the deadpool movie, it would be awesome if deadpool recognized stan lee in the cameo.

jumping in video games seems to be a necessary form of movement, yet in real life we rarely, if ever, jump on a daily basis.

people who skip church to watch football probably do more praying than they would have in church anyway.

if an apple a day really kept the doctor away, some scumbag company would corner the apple industry, and sell them $100 an apple.

the cities in skateboarding games are really wheelchair accessible. 

you know when you tap a youtube video to see how much longer it's got left? i wish you could do that to people when they're talking to you.

if i win the powerball i won't tell anyone, then post a status on facebook asking if anyone could help me move some furniture. whoever offered would get

loitering is the illegal act of existing while not spending money 

the fact that our arms are long enough to reach our genitals is one of the biggest things we take for granted.

old spice deodorants would make great hogwarts house names. wolfthorn, hawkridge, foxcrest, lionpride.

if you charge $300 for a textbook and i find a typo, you should cut me a check.

han solo doesn't seem so great when you realize who his real-world analog would be: a trucker doing cross-border smuggling for drug cartels, who shot a

i can't believe keith richards outlived david bowie. 

i don't think the inventor of twizzlers ever actually tasted a strawberry. 

people used the cigarette lighter socket to light cigarettes, but now they use it to charge cigarettes.

i wonder if buzzfeed managers yell at their employees for working on spreadsheets when they are supposed to be browsing reddit.

i'm at a point in my life where 100 dollars isn't a lot to receive, but it's a lot to give.

in the near future thanks to self-driving cars, "drunk driving" will mean waking up on the side of the road somewhere, out of gas because you thought

voldemort was 71 when he died and the average life span in the the uk is 80 years, so had voldemort not searched for eternal life he probably would have

dna is like the menu at taco bell, an endless recombining of 4 ingredients to achieve a new result.

if i were stranded on an island with a fully functioning plane and runway... i'd still be stranded on that island

if i had a dollar for every piece of useless trivia i know, i wouldn't have any money since the trivia is no longer useless if it can earn me money.

light from the sun travelled 93 million miles just to bounce off my penis 

we are getting a new steve jobs movie every other year because movie studios know that apple fans already buy almost the same product every two years

i got hit by a train in my dream, and it woke me up. i got knocked conscious. 

if assassin's creed keeps going up through time it'll eventually just become splinter cell.

at age 25 if a friend tells me they're pregnant i don't know whether to say "oh shit!" or "congratulations!"

if i touch my phone in the right places, a pizza will show up at my front door.

i think mad max would have avoided a lot of trouble over several movies had he just invested in a sand colored tarp to cover his car.

if a stranger insults me, i'l probably ignore it, as their opinion is meaningless. if a stranger compliments me, i'll probably treasure it, as their

marriage is one of the few things where we consider someone an expert if they've only successfully done it once.

the characters on friends live in manhattan thorugh 9/11 - and never mentioned it once

i wish i could see all of the pictures i've accidentally been in the background of.

i have spent an entire day not seeing, hearing, looking after or cleaning up after kids. a day like this would be an unspeakable luxury if i had kids.

usb sounds like a backup in case the usa fails. 

parents are worried about their kids getting drugs in their halloween candy, but who in their right mind would give away drugs for free?

whenever commercials state that they are using real people and not actors i think about how insulting that must be to actors to not be considered real

smoking one pack of cigarettes a day decreases chances of dying of old age 

mom always told me when i got older i would realize i didn't need to drink alcohol to have fun. now that i am older i realize you don't need to have fun

there should be a tv channel that shows failed tv pilot shows that most people have never seen.

the expression "great minds think alike" is the exact opposite of what we value great minds for.

being a worm must be awesome. it’s like “man, that dirt was great, i wish there was more.” and there always is.

plus-size models are great, because they're finally showing young people you don't need to be skinny to be beautiful. you just need an extremely attractive

some of us are still "it" from a childhood game of tag. 

porn is the one industry where segregating races, genders, sexual preference, is completely acceptable

whenever i hear the word "egyptians" i never think of it referring to the people who currently live in egypt.

cemeteries would be way more interesting if they put the cause of death on the headstone

the world would probably be a better place if people thought "is it ethical?" instead of "is it legal?" more often.

my daughter routinely comes home from school with 1-2 hours of homework to do every night. if my boss did this to me i would tell him to shove it up his

if you want to be remembered after you die, borrow money from everyone you know.

if the population of earth were only 100 people and one guy tried to hoard 99

of the money. the other 99 people would simply just kill that guy and take their money back.

as a teen, i was told not to trust anyone on the internet, not to add everyone on facebook, and not to be stupid online. now, i'm telling my parents the same

my greatest fear is that one day i will google a question, and the only results i find are a bunch of assholes in a forum telling the op "omg, just

social media has made it possible for me to get drunk at home alone and still publicly make an ass of myself

if humans had 100

but release dopamine into their brain 24/7 

what if we actually are living in a computer simulation, and superstitions like wishes on birthday candles or shooting stars are based on old cheat codes

when restaurant staff sing "happy birthday" and embarrass you in public, they are effectively deterring people from asking for free birthday food.

wrestling is a sport where people who don't wear pants compete for a belt. 

reddit is just like my real life: i'm just sitting around listening in on people's conversations, too afraid to say anything.

you can't tell anything about a person from their star sign, but you can tell a lot about someone who believes in them

you know you're getting old when "weird al" yankovic starts parodying songs you don't know

i feel like a pimp taking my son around trick or treating, because i expect to get a percentage of that candy.

they should make realistic gatorade commercials where hungover people try to drink it without sitting up all the way.

if spiders traveled around the house like spiderman travels around a city, we'd have to exterminate them. can you imagine how fucking terrifying our

if i ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened i’m going to tell them that i broke a promise.

when i think of apples i think of the color red but when i think of apple flavor i think of the color green. when i think of watermelons i think of the

my girlfriend used to work in the food service industry. i work in it. when someone talks about hosts and servers, we think of very different things.

there should be a lesbian version of grindr called mufflr 

tinder could pull data on how many people like your profile vs how many who view it and give you a percentile based off all people of your age and

as an adult, i'm not eating nearly as much ice cream as 10 year old me thought i would.

the reason i like reddit so much is because no one from my family uses it 

if someone ever grabs me by the lapels and frantically asks me what the date is, i will be sure to include the year in my answer.

according to the bible, abstinence isn't 100



today, the girl next to me was doing a good job and i thought in my head, "she's doing good." then in my head, i corrected myself: "she's doing well."

i should get a tattoo of a qr code, so if somebody finds my body and scans it, they'll be rickroll'd.

my dead dads breath is still in the almost deflated kiddie pool in he closet. i wonder how often that happens.

can we start calling walruses: saber tooth seals? 

why would anybody buy a bookmark for a dollar when they could use a dollar as a bookmark?

i just got married. this is the first time in my life that i've wanted to have sex with someone with same last name as me.

the name of the band "gorillaz" is a pun, because a group of gorillas is called a band.

if i wore a british flag sweater while in the uk, people would assume i'm a tourist. if i wore an american flag sweater while in america, they'd assume

i wonder if my cat thinks the delivery guy is my owner because he gives me food.

there should be a website where people can submit tl;dr of legal agreements for the apps we all use

if you can't afford a condom, then you really can't afford not to have a condom.

one day you'll either wake up and never go back to sleep, or go to sleep and never wake up again

candlelit dinners weren't so special before the light bulb was invented. 

my wife cries her eyes out at the end of every sad movie, but if we watch the news about real life tragedies she doesn't even bat an eyelid

everyone posting on facebook about how much data pokémon go collects seems to have forgotten that they're posting on facebook.

@'s are just lowercase anarchy symbols. 

because we have salt in our sweat, by sweating when we're afraid, we're really just seasoning ourselves for predators to eat.

the only reason i look at a bad driver after i pass them is to see if i can confirm a stereotype.

what if a human bite turns zombies back to normal but no one in the apocalypse has ever tried it.

oompa loompas were basically singing slave songs. 

tv really made me believe that souffles being ruined would be a frequent problem.

all single men at a bar, gay or straight, kinda hope all good looking straight men are gay.

if people adopted last names like they did in the past, jim customerservicer or matt teamleader are just some examples of what aweful things we'd be

when i kick in $2 for the office lottery pool, i'm not actually looking for a chance to win…. the $2 is insurance against everyone else winning, and me

i once logged out of myspace unaware of the fact i'll never sign back in 

i bet a heroin junkie could find a needle in a haystack. 

you know you've officially broken in a new phone when it stops trying to auto-correct "fuck" for you.

9 years ago: didn't own a laptop or smartphone. today: i'm watching satellite images from pluto on my watch.

the milky way could well be the galaxy with the most milk in it 

if someone says they will "google" something in a show or a movie, they probably aren't getting payed for it. but if they say they will look something

i'd hate spotify ads a lot less if they just played the damn ad instead of also playing 30 seconds of acoustic guitar before the ads and then playing a

as a kid, i saw gordon ramsey as an asshole who yells at people for not being perfect. as an adult, i see gordon ramsey as a prime example of a person

jack really dodged a bullet by not eating those beans. 

i live in the u.k. my local pub has been a pub longer than america has been a country.

peyton manning is the first qb to win a super bowl with a baby horse team and also a grown up horse team

the most unrealistic aspect of spongebob squarepants is that spongebob and squidward both work in fast food, yet are both homeowners with one job and

the more serious a relationship gets, the more casual it is 

youtube should have the opposite of a subscribe button that makes channels disappear from your feed completely.

if shadowbanned users could see other shadowbanned user's posts and comments, it would make for an interesting "underground" reddit community.

if i lived every day like it was my last, i would have one fantastic day, but then would spend every subsequent day being poor and in jail

i wish i could wipe current thoughts from my mind like i can close running apps on my phone.

i won't put my mouth on cow teats but i will drink the milk. i'll put my mouth on my girl's tits yet would never drink the milk.

you should have an opportunity to donate blood while waiting for someone else to be treated in the er.

my being afraid of failure has turned me into a failure. 

i bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is 

i wonder what people who type "u" instead of "you" do with all of their free time.

the best thing to come from 'suicide squad' will be the influx of harley quinn costumes this halloween.

if there is a hell, i hope the asshole who invented those "manually type your resume information into these blank fields" is being tortured the hardest

there is a special kind of sadness when you are about to post something witty in the comments only to find someone has already posted a better version of

if you showed a medieval person a special effect they'd assume it was magic. if you showed a modern person magic, they'd assume it was a special

ice cube went from "fuck tha police" to frequently portraying police in movies 

i pay $5 for a coffee but not $0.99 for an app 

there was a time when i could masturbate to a drawing of a cleavage in a comic book, but now i can't even get erect until i find "that" porn video.

if enough people in the same area have the same speech impediment it becomes an accent

it just occurred to me that duels were most likely scheduled at high noon so that the sun wasn't in either opponent's eyes.

when you search "best seo (search engine optimization) tutorial", you can trust the first result.

i would be willing to donate blood to the mosquito community, if in exchange they would stop biting me.

people born on 08/08/08 turn 8 today 

i'm flabbergasted at how our education system managed to find a way to turn something as fascinating as history into a boring slog.

using your old laptop to research buying a new one is like asking it to dig its own grave

i don't think i've ever heard a car alarm going off and thought "oh shit, someone's car is getting stolen!"

"having a stroke" sounds like a british euphemism for masturbation 

calling an infant 'tender and mild' makes it sound like a chicken wing. 

thanks to dating apps, many people will first lay eyes on the love of their lives while evacuating their bowels.

a child born 08.08.08 is 8 today. 

if north korea ever does actually launch an attack, people in the future are going to think we were the most oblivious people in history.

of all the bears that could kill me the gummy has come the closest 

the older i get, the lamer the superpowers i want. 

when self driving cars become the norm, gaining control of your car could be almost as scary as losing control is today.

teachers wont let you use wikipedia, but they make you use 30 year old textbooks

video game streamers are just like pornstars. you're an entertainer that will never go mainstream. your target audience are aged 14 to 30, mostly male. your

my dogs literally eat better than millions, if not billions of humans. 

watching an ad three million times on hulu makes me hate the company more than anything

if i owned a taser i'd probably get curious to see how it feels and taser myself and that's why i dont own a taser.

just drove from california to illinois with a fly in the car. i wonder if the illinois flies will accept him as their own.

if having a small penis was really an issue, the "small penis genes" would have gone extinct long time ago.

reddit is like one of those girls on facebook that say they hate drama but actually fucking love it

what if the lottery is an institution to catch time travelers? 

once you find out about reddit, every other time-wasting website seems like it's only there for the people who don't know about reddit yet

the person who accurately predicts the end of the world will never get acknowledged for it.

the word "bid", in lowercase letters, is vertically symmetrical, but the word "bid", in uppercase letters, is horizontally symmetrical.

when i have kids, they'll grow up with three star wars trilogies, eight harry potter movies, and the lord of the rings trilogy all available to watch

i wonder who the first person to die playing pokémon go will be and how they will die? it's going to happen though

i love how stars are billions of miles apart and we're like "that's a soup ladle".

i treat my body in a way that proves i have 100

being able to fix any medical problem by the time i'm 50. 

i wake up to a cup of coffee and browse reddit every morning. i'm the modern day grandpa with his daily newspaper.

people are way more concerned about athletes having to deal with brazil being unsafe than the millions of people who live there

i'm sitting here, drinking my 6th beer, about to hop in the shower. heading to my sisters birthday party afterwards, where my nieces and nephew will be. i

when marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday.

neil armstrong was the first person to land on the moon. 'neil a.' backwards is 'alien'.

since i'm canadian my two cents is rounded down to nothing 

mars...is populated entirely by robots! 

the phrase "do go on" contains 3 different pronunciations of the letter 'o' 

there's enough apps for finding friends and lovers and soulmates. i want an app that helps me find my arch enemy.

if netflix required you to sign in frequently... 80 percent of the people i know wouldn't have netflix.

if you stay up all night and sleep all day, maybe you were meant to live on the other side of the planet.

the voice actor for pikachu has had steady income for the past 20 years saying variations of just one word.

if i lose one sock, i'll be annoyed. if i lose both socks, it will take a while for me to notice

google should make a new filter: no pintrest results. 

uber should have a "no small talk" option when requesting a car 

i just realized how absurd the rotating license plates on james bond's car are. are we supposed to think that he could switch plates and become lost

there should be a movie rating based on how awkward it would be to watch with your parents.

i look both ways before crossing a one way street. that's how much faith i have left in humanity.

mirrors are the most photographed object in the 21st century 

tobacco companies kill their best customers and condom companies kill their future customers.

ten-year old me would be so angry to find out i could afford a monkey and haven't bought one.

"ryan reynolds" sounds like a stan lee character 

pearls are found in oysters. whoever named the line of tampax 'pearl' had a hilariously sick sense of humour.

google maps should have a feature where if you know a better route, you can say "ok, google, watch this," and then drive it. they could improve their

i've personally boycotted more companies for their shitty commercials rather than for ethical reasons

what if the spider i killed in my home has spent his entire life thinking he was my room-mate and that suddenly i had some sort of psychotic break

if reincarnation is real, i wonder if i've ever read anything about my previous life without realizing it.

the pirate bay should rename themselves to something that cannot be repeated on television. the following court cases and news coverage would be difficult

people assume that the first sex robots will be sold for men, but the reality is, women have already been using them for years and years

forget a dislike button, facebook needs a "this article/picture is fake" button.

james bond is going to need a visa for his missions now. 

what women know as a front closing bra, men will know as a front opening bra 

"fifty shades of grey" is considered a romantic story only because the guy is a billionare. if he was living in a trailer or in a shack somewhere in the

it's pretty dumb that i get a new driver's license every four years and it's made out of hard plastic and i'm supposed to have my social security card for

as a non-american, watching american tv i don't even notice their accent, but in real life the exact same accent is extremely noticeable.

every year on my wife's b-day, i get to have sex with the oldest woman i've ever slept with.

uber should have a senior discount so elderly people wouldn't have to drive if they feel like they can't drive safely

it has gotten to the point that every time i see "defiantly" i automatically think some idiot misspelled "definitely"

the doctors that told stephen hawking he had two years to live in 1963 are probably dead

1/3 of marriages are now from online dating and that number is only increasing. that means that computers (algorithms) are starting to breed

if i had a kid when i was 18, i could have a 10 year old by now. instead i'm watching cartoons in my underwear and eating cereal, like a 10 year old.

tobacco companies should be leading in the search for a cancer cure. the day after a cure is found, sales of cigarettes are going to go up by 500,000

the millions of us that quit for health / longevity reasons. 

my first instinct when i see an animal is to say "hello", my first instinct when i see a human is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away

i wonder if there are any times on the clock that i have never seen. 

i wonder if i have ever seen the same ant twice 

porn is to sex what kung fu movies are to fighting . there's a lot more screaming , weird positions and techniques than you'll ever see in real life

if the mythbusters made a show with the guys from jackass (testing the myths on them) it would be spectacular.

kleenex should make the last 10 tissues in the box a different color so you know when you're running low.

for guys who loved die hard so much, ross chandler and joey were pretty oblivious to how much ross's girlfriend's dad looked like bruce willis

in the past decade, my wife and i have gone from kids trying to quietly have sex while their parents sleep to parents trying to quietly have sex while

people claim with surprise that eskimos have 100 words for snow, but ignore that makeup companies have 1000 words for light brown.

a line of paint on the road holds more authority than i probably ever will. 

one extra perk of becoming president is that your last name isn't incorrect in spell check anymore

when we want another's thoughts, we say "penny for your thoughts." when we offer up our own, we say "putting my two cents in." we value our own opinion

why when we cry our noses fill up almost immediately? it is like out own body is saying, i see, you are upset, here, let me help, why don't you just stop

the first word i say every year is "happy" and the last is "one" 

life gets weird when you start to see adults as grown up kids rather than adults

cutting off one of your legs decreases your bmi, but when you cut off the other one it shoots way up again

porn and the wwe are essentially the same. both feature unrealistic representations of humans taking way longer to accomplish something, in which

when aliens really attack earth, my first thought is probably going to be "which movie came the closest?"

if fallout 4 didn't take place in usa you probably wouldn't find live ammo in a dead woman's sundress

kid's menus at restaurants should be smaller portions of the same adult dishes at lower prices and not the junk food that they usually offer.

new years 2020 will be remembered as the year that everyone's dad bought some of those glasses and spent all night making 'i have 20-20 vision' jokes

what if the ioc bought a greek island to save greece's economy and host the olympics permanently, so we couldn't cripple other economies that host the

most women who keep their maiden names are just taking the names that their mothers took when they gave up their own maiden names.

giving someone gold on reddit is like saying "i enjoyed what you said enough to pay you for it. but instead i'm going to pay someone else to give you a

the author of the book "american psycho" received death threats "over the violence depicted in his writing". that means that someone, somewhere, was

thanks to 'dude', 'bro' and 'man', i haven't said my best friend's name to him in 4 years.

i bet there's a direct relationship between the rise of smartphone usage and a decline in bathroom stall graffiti.

if you organise and operate a marathon you can say you've run a marathon without having run one

the early days of the internet was like a huge park. you browsed around, played games, learned a bit, and had to take your time. now its like a big

there is nothing quite so beautiful as the spark in a person's eye when you bring up something they are passionate about.

newborns are always crying because any discomfort is literally one of the worst things they have ever experienced.

now that the pirate bay is based at a .cr domain (costa rica), they truly are the pirates of the caribbean.

i just realized that when i got clothes for christmas as a kid from grandma, it wasn't a gift for me but for my broke mom

jesus coming to earth, making friends, dying and revealing himself to be god's son is like the ultimate episode of undercover boss.

if gangsters held their phones like they held their guns, world-star would have a lot more watchable content.

jon stewart sure picked the shittiest year ever to retire.... 

movies will always break monetary records because of inflation. they should be rated on how many tickets were sold versus how much money was made.

if someone says they're gonna open up a can of whoop ass, that means someone out there is canning whoop ass...i'd be more afraid of that second guy.

i would love it if there was a website where i could look up a license plate and then send a message to whoever owns the plate and tell them how bad they

valve (steam) should put machines like coinstar in gamestop and at malls so that you can put your loose change into your steam wallet.

blind kids can stay up reading under the covers and their parents can't ever tell

dads who tell "dad jokes" are actually funny people who had to censor their humor for a younger audience.

the real hero of the fresh prince of bel-air is will's mom because she forced him to move out of a dangerous city at the first sign of problems.

pornography is the only profession where amateur products can be in higher demand than professional ones.

instead of letting you skip ads, youtube should hire vine-savvy people to create 6-second ads.

at 31, i am older than every dog in the world. 

if we pop bubble wrap made in china, the air that comes out is from china 

if i had a phd, i'd buy takeout a lot, and when it got to me i'd say "this is just what the doctor ordered."

cracking my knuckles is an ability that has a cooldown. 

movie makers should be required by law to depict cpr accurately and with correct technique in their films, because movies provide the only impression

bill cosby has more rape accusers than i have consensual sex partners. 

reddit is like my fridge. after the fifth time opening it i know everything that's in there, but i keep finding myself opening it in the hopes of

when an older couple is sitting silently at a restaurant; it's not that they have nothing to say to each other, it's that they're listening to your

for april fools' day 'the onion' should run real news stories. 

on windows, hitting ctrl+alt+del (or ctrl+shift+esc) is your way of telling a program "i want to speak to your manager".

we are fortunate enough to live in a country where if we hear random explosions in the distance, our mind thinks "oh, someone's celebrating"

polo referees should ride zebras 

imitating a gun to your own head with your fingers means suicide, yet imitating a knife to your own neck is intimidation.

titanic was released 85 years after the incident and was a loved movie. i wonder if in 2096 it would be acceptable to make a love story of 9/11

the most realistic part of gta v is when i'm charged $5,000 every time i go to the hospital.

most of the noises that you hear outside in rural areas are animals screaming "please fuck me!" as loud as they can.

why is it when a woman is a "bitch" she's angry and aggressive, but when a guy is a "bitch" he's meek and submissive?

when i tell people "i saw it on the internet," even if i'm right, they think i'm an uninformed crazy person and can't be trusted to make decisions.

as a paramedic, i'll be one of the first to be bitten in a zombie apocalypse 

those custom child bedrooms made in extreme makeover home edition must suck for the teenagers that live in them now

china has a billion people in it. one-in-a-million things happen one thousand times a day.

imdb should have an "it's on netflix" tag 

running from the police is the equivalent of betting double or nothing 

as someone who wears glasses, i'm so glad 3d televisions never caught on. 

if two people on opposite sides of the world each drop a piece of bread, the earth briefly becomes a sandwich.

i bet couples in the harry potter universe sometimes use polyjuice potion to turn into one another and have sex.

we live in an age where your last words may be an emoticon. 

my grandkids are going to ask the question "you mean cars could just run into each other, and people died all the time in car accidents?"

there should be affordable universities for people who just want to continue learning throughout life. not to get a degree, or a better job; just a place

if the next president is white, the united states will have successfully gone black and then gone back.

antarctica has the highest average iq of any continent. 

it's kinda sad that we're in a time where a main selling point in advertisements of foods is that they're made with 100

ingredients that they're supposed to be made up of. 

the less taste water has, the better it tastes. 

as a japanese speaker, i have to take extra few seconds to force my brain to not treat ツ as an character when i read ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.

freshmen starting high school this year will be learning about 9/11 as a historical event that took place before they were born

it's technically illegal to buy a child, yet "adoptions" require an exchange of money. so really, adoption is just the legal purchase of a baby.

as a child, i never imagined that i would be attracted to butts. 

if the girls who post on r/gonewild saw pictures of the guys who were commenting on their photos, they probably wouldn't feel the same level of

to announce who the new batman was they should have released an image of the actor in costume then have people work out who he is from the face to see if

i have never in my life wanted to text ducking. 

buying a wallet is like trading your books for a shelf. 

someone should develop a browser app that very gradually starts changing words so you can begin to learn a language.

old music sounds better than today's music because nobody remembers the shitty ones.

subreddits that don't allow downvoting are basically facebook. 

when bruce willis dies, there will be so many posts saying that he was actually dead the whole time.

somewhere, there's a 50 year old billionaire who's future trophy wife hasn't even been born yet.

if i died today, i wonder how many people would post on my facebook wall pretending they knew me better than they did.

if we changed the rhetoric from "save the planet" to "save ourselves," some shit might actually get done. the planet will still be here in 5 million

depression is like being in an emotionally abusive relationship with your brain

pokemongo lasted as long as someone using a new gym membership. 

growing up my parents made me believe that someone turning a light on in the car while i'm driving was going to be a much bigger issue in my life than it

everyone who thinks they're the jim halpert of their office is usually the andy bernard.

if all men get a boner every morning, then it means humanity has been doing an unending boner wave around the earth since forever.

i think the wicked witch kept the flying monkeys around to mask her terrible smell since she could never shower.

i wonder how many thousands of dollars i have missed out on in special effects in movies by blinking.

trailer park boys are the adult version of ed, edd &amp; eddy. three nutjobs try a bunch of schemes to get rich, and almost always fail hilariously.

batman only fights crime at night because otherwise he would have weird and obvious tan lines.

when the north korean citizens finally get freedom of information and internet they're going to realize the whole world was making fun of their country

every time one of my relatives (mostly grandma) try to convince me to have kids, they're literally rooting for me to come inside a girl.

my parents are going to think i'm doing drugs when i say, "going out for a walk". but i'll really just be trying to catch pokemon. what a turn of events

rap songs that reference dollar values won't adjust for inflation and the references will sound cheaper over time.

if you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins.

adult websites should make milf related premium content free today 

drunk history is all fine and good, but i would watch the shit out of high conspiracy theories.

if one person says a word wrong, it's a mispronunciation. if enough people do it, it's an accent.

i wonder if spiders get as pissed off as i do when i walk through their webs...

i don't know what the word irony means anymore because so many people keep using it incorrectly. oddly enough i suspect that that's ironic but i have no

for google to just turn 18, i've been asking some very inappropriate questions to someone underage for quite awhile.

if you ask a girl out on feb 29, you can save like 75

in the long run 

for an "adult cartoon" i've found that i've enjoyed family guy less and less as i've grown older

winter is really going to separate the pokémon masters from the pokémon trainers

next year, apple is going to showcase the addition of a 3.5mm jack to iphones like they invented wired sound.

knowing you sleep 8 hours a day or you spend 1/3 of your life sleeping sounds perfectly normal. but, if you tell me i'm asleep 4 months out of every year,

if hogwarts is the finest, high class school for witches and wizards i'd love to see a spinoff movie of one of the more ghetto, inner-city magic schools.

when a university rejects your application, you literally paid them money just for them to tell you to go fuck yourself.

"is anyone downloading something?" is just the 21rst century version of "is someone using hot water?"

tomorrow i graduate. in all likelihood at least one picture taken will be used at my funeral to remember me. tomorrow i pose for my funeral.

if stan lee's cameos in marvel movies were actually all one single character, he'd be an inter-dimensional being traveling through time and space to

the sheer lack of child zombies in walking dead would mean that society was already doomed before the outbreak

as a bartender i don't think twice about serving someone 8-10 rum and cokes over the course of a night, but if someone ordered 8-10 cokes, i would think,

there should be a shop where they have a boob scanner which 3d prints the perfect bra for you.

more people have visited the international space station than my house. 

sending your navy to sit in international waters just off a country's coastline is the world's highest-stakes game of "i'm not touching you"

colgate had a 5 million dollar commercial to tell me to turn my faucet off to save water for the needy. when that 5 million could buy 74,671,445 bottles of

by typing "hey, your food is ready" here, there's a good chance i just helped someone out.

"toxins" are just the modern day equivalent to evil spirits; mysterious entities in your body which require esoteric substances and rituals to expel.

i can't wait until i'm 80 when i can be as lazy and worthless as i am now, but instead of being considered a loser people will be amazed that i can still

if a stormtrooper shoots and kills a major character in the new star wars movie, it will be the greatest plot twist of all time.

there's a point when parents stop hoping you're not having sex, and start hoping you are having sex.

the boy scouts should sell jerky door to door. i would get excited about that. 

if i die in the same hospital as i was born in the average velocity of my life would be 0

if hillary clinton wins in 2016, it will be the first time that two presidents have had sex with each other.

voldemort was 71 when he died and the average life span in the the uk is 80 years, so had voldemort not searched for eternal life he probably would have

my phone when i'm bored is like my fridge when i'm hungry. 

every now and then i suddenly realize that other people's lives are just as complex as my own, and that they have no clue what happens in my head, just as

actors kiss each other for like 10 seasons and don't fall in love but when someone holds the door for me i think about it for 5 months

15 years from now there will be a buzzfeed article titled "these 19 super creepy photos of brazil's abandoned olympic buildings will give you

the dmv should make keychain sized driver's licenses so nobody can drive without carrying licenses by accident.

whenever someone famous dies, there is always someone that thinks "gotta edit that wikipedia page"

i always avoid the 'ad' links when google searching, even when that is the link that i want.

buying hardcover copies of new books should come with a digital ebook code the way buying blu-rays comes with a digital download.

in 100 years from now people will be able to go to google maps street view, enter any year after 2007, and truly be able see what the world looked like

self driving cars are going to exponentially increase the amount of car sex 

sleep is like a 33



if combat in harry potter is based on saying spells quickly and at the right time, rappers would basically be the magical navy seals.

i bet i can have pretty loud sex without offending the neighbors, as long as i play the game of thrones theme song first.

when rick astley really dies, nobody will click on the link because they are scared of being rickrolled.

bisexual girls could alternatively be called "more-or-less-bians" 

every time you've beaten a computer at chess it's because it let you win. 

some porn websites let you hover over the thumbnail to see a quick slideshow of the video, while youtube still lacks this technology.

asking someone "where are you" is a recent thing. before we had mobile phones, the only way we could talk to people is if we knew where they were.

if someone says "pinch me, i must be dreaming". you shouldn't pinch them, because if they wake up you stop existing.

i wish they would make a prequel to "zombieland" that just followed bill murray around in his day to day life dressed as a zombie doing random things

'coffee flavored water' doesn't sound good but that's what coffee is. 

i am pretty sure that most of the adults who told me wiki is a terrible source, now use viral facebook posts for most of their "news sources".

if i was a pornstar, i'd be pretty god damn salty that kim kardashian is number #1 on pornhub

when i was young, falling in love was easy. getting laid was not. now that i'm older, getting laid is easy, finding love appears to be damn right impossible.

having $200 in your bank account feels amazing when you're younger, but terrifying when you're older.

yesterday i got a free burrito from chipotle that they gave away as a result of the e. coli outbreaks. i have never gotten e. coli. thus e. coli has only

the genius of nutella isn't so much how is tastes but how the company was able to market what is basically frosting as an acceptable breakfast spread.

how hilarious would it be if farting was as contagious as yawning 

the reason why ghosts don't kill people in real life is because if they did, those people would become ghosts and it would become really awkward.

smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you're a procrastinator.

it is amazing to think that nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because earth just so happens

video game monsters always carry gold because that's what the villain paid them to kill you.

if you had a kid named marco, the worst place to lose him would be at a swimming pool.

i find it funny how the first netflix ads were aired on tv. it's like the the television networks assisted in their own homicide.

naming a porn website "brazzers" is really considerate because the name can be typed entirely with the left-hand.

kanye west should've waited until taylor swift was accepting her grammy and released his new album as she started her speech.

myers briggs personality types are like zodiac signs for people who think they're too smart to believe in astrology.

the song "summer of '69" will have a major resurgence in 53 years 

we put clocks in our mobile phones, so we didn't need to look at watches. now we put mobile phones in our watches so we don't need to look at our mobile

in shakespearean english, a euphemism for a guys penis was “wit”. so, “the length of a man’s wit” is actually a clever euphemism for talking about how

now that i'm older i spend a lot of time calling people out on bullshit/stolen posts, and reporting posts that break the rules. i'm turning into the internet

the person directly in front of you is also the person that is the farthest behind you.

we should get an employee discount with self checkout 

agar.io is basically that game that you watched as a kid where you look at the rain drops sliding down on the car windshield.

being a professor at hogwarts sounds highly prestigious until you realize you're still just a high school/middle school teacher

you can tell arrested development is an old tv show because it's about a ceo who goes to prison.

toilet paper should be free and have advertising printed on it. 

when you're criticised for being short, they're really just saying the worst thing about you is that there isn't more of you

the only thing i would actually pay an arm and a leg for would be a futuristic, robotic arm and a leg.

i'm still friends on facebook with a girl i fingered at a club when i was 18 but have lost more than half of my high school friends because we weren't

i wonder if it's appropriate to get a "it's a boy!" or "it's a girl!" ballon for someone recovering from a sex change operation.

it must suck when billionaires wake up feeling like a million bucks 

self-driving cars will occasionally be pulling up to a destination with a corpse inside, the sole passenger having expired during the trip.

browsing netflix has become like opening the fridge for a snack: look through, leave, lower standards, go back, repeat until something looks good enough.

spilling a full drink you paid for is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon

the $5 milkshake from pulp fiction seems reasonably priced now. 

google should launch googlr, similar to tinder, grindr, and sizzlr, to match you with potential soulmates based on your search history.

we talk about ancient romans like they were basically all the same, but the civilization lasted almost 1000 years. that's like saying people in 2016 and

i wonder how many nudes and dick pics team snapchat have got... 

trees live underground and use the above-ground part as a snorkel. 

"google drive" will mean a completely different thing in a few years. 

i want taylor swift to date eminem, and then to break up, just to listen to these two's dis songs towards each other.

milk is a flavor of chocolate, but chocolate is a flavor of milk 

jumanji taught us that the scariest thing in the african jungle is a white guy with a gun.

the incredibles is really dark for a kids movie. the villain murders dozens, tries to kill some parents, tries to kill some kids, kidnaps a baby, and is

the olympics should give out platinum medals if you manage to take first place and break a world record doing so.

r/tifu would be a lot more interesting if people could go on reddit for an hour after they die

i've only seen "babe" once but i've said "that'll do pig" at least 1,000 times 

with so many kids using ipads and other tablets, apple should have a setting that makes siri ask for proper manners to help teach them since they talk to

i hope tomorrow we all can wake up, have a normal day, and go home and go to bed.

marvin the martian was the ref in space jam because he's both an alien and a looney toon. he's neutral.

thanks to the word "indescribable", there's nothing that cannot be described 

when i was a child i slept with the door open because i was scared of what might be inside my room. now i sleep with my door closed because of what might

maybe north korean scientists and engineers aren't incompetent and are actually just sabotaging efforts to increase north koreas military for the

math teachers help the world by creating problems. 

the real winners of pokémon go are all the service providers that will rake it in when everyone goes over their data allowance.

scientists are adult kids stuck in the "why phase". 

if you have a 3d printer, you could torrent lego sets. 

it's messed up that you can accidentally make a person but you can't accidentally make a pizza.

as a college student, i am never thankful enough to the individuals who go out of their way to put the latest edition of a textbook online for me to be able

if humans had invented refrigeration early on, our food would be extremely bland with no cheeses, cured meats, pickled veggies, smoked fish, sweet jams,

a bachelor party is more appropriate after a divorce than before a wedding. 

whoever decided farts are embarrassing really ruined it for the rest of us. 

if i forget my password it means my past self has outwitted my present self 

we have two universal languages: mathematics, and music. one to describe the universe, and one to describe how we feel about it.

the internet is basically a teenager right now. it's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focused on is buying things, trying to be popular, and

there were james bond movies released in 2006 and 2008, but not 007. 

ron swanson should get a spinoff show that is an hgtv-like show mocumentary where he works with annoying couples who want to fix their homes

according to the mac &amp; cheese box, i am a family of 4 

the saddest thing about the 'last time i had sex was in 2003' song line in jon lajoie's everyday normal guy song is that it gets a little bit sadder every

i think of all you people as my minions working hard to find funny and interesting things for me on the internet.

my birth control pills are like a shitty advent calendar for my period. 

no matter how much you trust someone, you still make them stand up to prove they aren't sitting on the remote control

"one man's trash is another man's treasure" would be a terrible way to let your child know that they're adopted.

in phantom menace, there were more than a hundred jedi and only 2 sith. if anakin is meant to bring balance to the force, the jedi council must have

v, the roman numeral for 5, is the top half of x, the roman numeral for 10. 

michael phelps is actually pretty slow for an aquatic mammal. 

there should be an optional "people are sleeping" button on the microwave so stop from all the extra loud beeping.

our diets are comprised of almost all dead stuff. but if something has been dead for too long it's inedible and rotten. our food has to be the right

i bet sloppy joe meat would taste amazing in a quesadilla, and you could call them sloppy josés

bill nye's recent spike in popularity is due to the generation of kids who watched his videos in grade school coming to power.

knowing how to change a tire and jumpstart a dead battery should be part of the test for a drivers license.

"see you next year" must be the most over used dad-joke every december. 

toys r us should change their mascot from a giraffe to a dinosaur, a "toysaurus".

i wonder how many amazing songs have been made by completely unknown musicians and will be never heard

if the word "bomb" was pronounced like "womb" and "tomb" it would be almost onomatopoeic.

if there's ever an x-men movie solely about mystique, a mirror would make a great movie poster.

the world's best masseuse will never get the world's best massage. 

now thats millions of people have ditched cable for services like netflix, millions of children are going to grow up without being (as) influenced by

my blizzard account has more security than my bank account. 

folding clothes is just creating socially-accepted wrinkles. 

when pizza is cut into squares, i lose all sense of what is a reasonable amount to eat.

my friend just told me condoms are for "fucking pussies." he was literally right.

i only write etc. because i dont know more examples. 

most millionaires continue to work very hard despite being worth millions of dollars. there is no way i'd be working, which is why i probably won't be a

i correct autocorrect more than it corrects me. 

if your bully gets a job at a fast-food restaurant, they are still taking your lunch money

maybe bigfoot discovered shaving a while back and now people just think he's some tall dude when he's on the bus or whatever

if mcdonald's "forgot" a $.50 piece of extra cheese 10 times a day at each of their 36,000 locations, that wasn't disputed, then they steal 60+ million

you can't spell "american dream" without "eric andre" right in the middle 

as time passes, more and more people will believe "that '70s show" was made in the '70s.

if i found $5, i'd pocket it. if i found $5000, i'd report it. i'd guess i'd rather find $5.

if oj simpson hadn't screwed up we wouldn't be having all this kardashian shit 

when people say "i'd love to be in the zombie apocalypse!" they're basically saying, "i'd love to go on a killing spree and not feel bad about it"

if you had to donate $5 in order to change your profile picture, my news feed would probably be a lot less french

every insect i've ever killed just lost its final boss battle... 

tesla's autopilot just made getting a road blowjob much safer 

tinder and spotify should pair up and match you with people who listen to the same music as you.

finally figured out what makes clickbait titles so effective. 

people say new cars are horrible investments, that they drop in value the minute you drive off of the lot. my college textbooks dropped 90

soon as i opened them. 

i want to see an action movie in which tom cruise defects from a cult, and then gets revenge on the leadership who would threaten his family

daredevil and batman should switch names. one is a blind guy that fights crime using echo location and the other is a rich guy that fights crime with crazy

toasters should be transparent, so you can see how toasted your bread is before it burns

baby names aren't actually baby names, they are just 'names'. 

if the pope sneezes, nobody is in a high enough position of power to bless him 

sleeping in is considered lazy, but going to bed early is not 

since doggy style is used by animals ranging from mice to elephants, it really should be called "beast mode"

it will really freak marty mcfly out when he arrives and everyone is expecting him, dressed up like him, and having parties in his honor.

my son's enthusiasm for kylo ren creeps me out as a father. 

cars should come with a friendly horn and an angry horn. 

since there are no movie theaters in compton, you need to go straight outta compton to see straight outta compton.

porn sites should have bright backgrounds while the video is buffering so i don't have to see my reflection

using energy from a wind farm to power a fan is like shipping wind long distance.

there should be a place that guarantees not to talk to you while giving you a haircut.

ironically, the one ring from lord of the rings is probably the most replicated ring ever.

when i was 16 i'd sneak out to smoke pot so my parents wouldn't find out. now i'm 38 and i sneak out so my 16 year old doesn't find out.

in some countries people are broke and don't even have clean drinking water and in my country we have fountains in public places that spew clean water and

it must be really tough to play a "q" tile in scrabble in england when you have to waste the "u" on words like "colour" and "labour".

bill gates has about $6 for every year the universe has existed. 

if someone on the internet leads their post with "english is not my native language.", you can be almost certain they're about to trot out the finest of

laughing is so fucking weird. you just stare at the other person with your mouth wide open making ridiculous sounds and sometimes you can't stop.

when i touch my girlfriend with my cold hands, i am literally taking energy from her for myself. like a supervillain.

28 years of training, give or take, and i'm still not sure i've mastered wiping my butt efficiently.

the reason the washing machine only eats one sock is because when it eats the whole pair i never notice.

there should be a game where it starts with old school graphics and as you level up it gets better and better

in order to grow our muscles, we kill other animals and eat their muscles. 

smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics 

maybe aliens haven't visited us because they live millions of light years away and think there are only dinosaurs on our planet.

i think one thing that's clear with the rise of tumblr, flickr, scribd, grindr, etc, is that people are pretty fucking sick of the letter e.

if halloween wasn't already an established tradition, there's no way today's neurotic parents would be ok with it being introduced

the fact that a 4 years old kid can use an smart phone does not mean the kid is a genius, it means engineers are.

the rio olympics are like the movie titanic. we all know a disaster is coming but we are going to watch it anyway.

as a woman pregnant with a baby boy, i'm literally growing a penis 

reddit is like a friend that you think is really funny at first until you realize that they just repeat the same jokes over and over again.

the reason that every person who uses a walmart bathroom seems to have explosive diarrhea is because that is the only circumstance you'd want to use

eating crappy food while watching food shows is a bit like watching porn and masturbating.

if we had no eyes then we would be unaware of the existence of color. what if we are are missing an entire aspect of everything simply because we do not

a ton of cows is not a lot of cows 

before i was born, i was just a man trapped in a woman's body. 

as a very slim, small person, i like to think people believe they hit the jackpot when i choose to sit next to them on a plane.

being attracted to women or men who wear glasses is the one fetish for the disabled that is socially acceptable

being bored on reddit is basically saying that you can't even be entertained by the combined efforts of a billion people

what if all humans are born with one wish, but we all wasted it when we were 4-5 on some candy or getting a ball for christmas

i use to come to reddit for fun and entertainment, but lately i come every morning primarily to check if there were any mass murders while i slept

four-leaf clovers are lucky, considering our species has been systematically trying for some time now to remove them from the gene pool.

if i were a cop, i'd drive an unmarked car with a "honk if you're drunk" bumper sticker.

if you view a bald eagle at the zoo, you are looking at the american symbol of freedom in captivity.

if elmer fudd spent all of his time trying to rape bugs bunny, it would be horrific. but since he's trying to murder him, it's ok.

wearing earphones at the gym is sometimes less about listening to your own music, and more about blocking out the terrible music they play.

the reason i like staying up so late so much is because between the hours of 1am to 5am, the world is quiet and no one expects anything from me. i could

there should be a website where you can enter all of your measurements and find out what clothing brands will likely fit you best.

ideally, leonardo dicaprio wins an oscar, pulls a speech out of his pocket, blows dust off it and recites a thank you speech he wrote from "what's eating

you can tell someone doesn't read much if they keep trying to talk to you while you're reading a book

when going to bed, i can never find a comfortable position. yet when waking up, every position is comfortable.

my entire life so far has been a sequence of side quests and i've barely touched the main quest at all. no kids, no house, don't drive. only story

sometimes i wonder if my life is in shambles because of all the chain letters that i never forwarded to ten of my closest friends.

kids of the future will think the emergency number 911 was because of 9/11 

as a child i was told wikipedia was an unreliable website and i should never use it. now it's the first place i go when i need information.

there will never be any more people older than me than there are right now. 

children of gay couples probably shouldn't gift a #1 dad mug on father's day 

if humans would live up to 1000 years instead of 100 or less we would think very differently about climate change.

when the simpsons first aired, i was 10 years old, the same age as bart. today, i am homer's age.

for a website that's 90

joke. 

being described as "the last of my name" is way cooler than "an only child" 

i kind of hope that one day in the future our recorded history gets lost or distorted to the point that the events of the lord of the rings are somehow

my daughter's sad observation last night: "aww. the sun will never get to see the fireworks."

2016 is like a montage of news footage you see in the beginning of a post-apocalyptic movie explaining how the world was ruined.

reddit cares more about leonardo's oscar than leonardo does. 

puberty is like a forced free upgrade for humans 

when you say the word "crisp", it moves from the back of your mouth to the front as you say it.

there should be a rotten tomatoes type site that rates critics instead of films so we know whose opinions to completely ignore.

i can't wait for the wave of angry parents who took their kids to see the deadpool movie without knowing what it is

door to door salespeople are just real life popup ads. 

i wonder if they draw waldo first and then fill everyone in around him, or draw everything first and then find somewhere to hide him.

in 50 years, 'old lady' names will be things like tiffany, brittany, and nikki.

it feels way more like starwars season than it does christmas this year 

reddit is the only website where i come looking for nsfw content and end up getting distracted by sfw content.

marijuana activists are the only group of people that actually demand taxes be added onto something they buy.

japan, one of the least obese nations in the world have obese men fight for entertainment whilst america, one of the most obese countries in the world,

my worst trait as a shitty american is experiencing frustration when filling out a profile and finding that the 'country' section doesn't have usa listed

like my grandparents, one day i'll tell my grandchildren what life was like in the 20's &amp; 30's.

porn sites should have a category of "the man is silent" 

my cat probably thinks i go to the vet everyday since that's the only place he has been that's not home

no matter what is being measured, i always picture the size of a gallon as a plastic gallon milk jug.

leggings, yoga pants, skinny jeans; it's like this decade was made for the ass man.

steam is 13 years old now. it's old enough to have its own steam account. 

menstruation is essentially like organizing a party without inviting any guests, and then angrily throwing out all the decoration when no one shows up.

in the distant future some kid will disappoint their parents because they want to get an art history degree and concentrate on memes of the 2010s.

if i was a toy manufacturer i would make make a talking toy that said things that were creepy 1 in 1000 times just to mess with people.

i think i've masturbated more times in my life than i've flossed. 

i get mild anxiety when i'm listening to the intro and i can't tell if it's going to be "ice ice baby" or "under pressure"

meaning of asap has changed from "as soon as possible" to "fucking now" 

i should get a tattoo of a qr code, so if somebody finds my body and scans it, they'll be rickroll'd.

for a company named after a rainforest, amazon sure does use a lot of cardboard.

i have never pressed the shift key 5 times in short succession with the intention of activating sticky keys.

the old saying "money can't buy happiness" should really be "money can't stop depression"

if the toys in toy story died the kids would keep playing with them like normal but the other toys would be playing with their dead friend.

you can safely store milk and raw beef at 101.5 °f... in a cow. 

it'll be nice if you could shout "siri where are you" and it'll respond "over here" when trying to look for your iphone

winning a jar of jelly beans by guessing how many are in the jar is probably the worse prize ever because someone counted every one of those beans and i

the question "am i as bored as you are?" can be read backwards and still make sense.

i started to use reddit 6 months ago, and now i can't remember how i used to use internet before reddit.

if you were learing english by watching cop shows, you might think that "freeze" means "run"

if ghosts are real, why do people expect to see them in abandoned old places? if i were a ghost i'd hang out at like disneyland or a girl's shower room

anakin skywalker always complained about not being taken seriously, whined constantly, and obsessed over one girl for decades who he called "m'lady". he

we make fun of people who're liking their own comments or posts on facebook, but on reddit it's a default practice to like your own comments or posts.

my body has its own version of newton's law - when i'm awake i want to stay awake and when i'm sleeping i want to keep sleeping.

foo fighters have been around for like 20 years, yet i hear the same damn 4 songs on the radio.

4chan has an uncomfortable amount of 30-year-old men openly lusting after 15-year-old girls. tumblr has an uncomfortable amount of 15-year-old girls

i wonder how many watches are still ticking in buried coffins. 

i always want a poo that requires one clean wipe, but when it comes back clean i always double check because i don't believe the first one.

it's weird how yogurt is almost exclusively advertised to women 

10 things i hate about you sounds like a movie that would be produced by buzzfeed

i occasionally still catch myself thinking 'when i grow up i'm going to...', then i remember that i'm in my 30s with a wife and child, a house, car, job...

i left my moms house to deal with shitty roommates, higher bills, and more responsibilities just so i can comfortably have sex.

if i'm ignorant of the law, i get a citation. if the cop is ignorant of the law, i get a citation.

thought from my grandfather today, 'life was tough then, but society is harder now'

the more a musician says their name at the beginning of their songs, the less i believe in their talent.

the speed of a clock's second hand is exactly 1 rpm. 

i just ate 40 chicken wings. at least 10 chickens had to die for my single meal.

the reason it seems like everyone in public restrooms always has crazy diarrhea is probably because no one really wants to shit in a public restroom

i realise now that when adult's occasionally didn't reply to something i said when i was young, it wasn't because they didn't hear me, it's because i said

if i see a video on reddit that's longer than 2 minutes, i think to myself "i don't have time to watch a video that long" then proceed to spend another hour

people in christmas movies who don't believe in santa are always portrayed as jerks, even though they're technically right

in a few generations, kids will be frustratedly trying to remember today's date for a u.s. history test.

pandora should have a never play this artist again button. 

intentionally losing at a game of rock, paper, scissors is just as hard as trying to win

having a creative password is really unfortunate. because as much as you want to, you can't tell anyone about it.

the ability for humans to toss/throw/lob an object with a decent level of accuracy while calculating the angle, speed, distance and trajectory in a

neil patrick harris has kissed more girls during his time on how i met your mother than i have in my entire lifetime. and he's gay.

there's a massive difference between eating ramen noodles because you want to and eating them because you have to.

"dream job" is an oxymoron. my dream is to not need a job. 

that guy in star wars iv who stops the other guys from blasting c3po and r2d2 when they are in the escape pod because "there are no lifeforms" is actually

i can't imagine a male version of orange is the new black-- a show about men going to prison and having sex with each other that i have to convince my

if i treated real life like reddit, anytime i would walk into a crowded room, i'd yell out a thought or question, leave for 10 minutes, go back in and walk

when fallout 4 is out, people everywhere will spend a long time inside, playing a game about emerging from being inside for a long time

what if the only reason you can't pass through a mirror is because you are blocking yourself?

if jesus were born today, dna tests would prove who the father was. 

on a clear day i can only see about 4 miles to the horizon, but on a clear night i can see millions of light years.

people would laugh at the idea of watching an 8 hour movie but have no problem binge-watching a netflix series that long.

being in college at 28 is like going to chuck e. cheese. i'm the oldest person here by far, there's a bunch of little kids running around crying and playing

there is a teenager on reddit right now who will become famous - causing future historians to pour over his dank memes looking for clues to write his

you don't teleport to the the other edge playing pacman, the maze is a sphere and we're looking at it like a world map.

/r/oldschoolcool has become a contest of whose grandparents looked the best 

getting another set of teeth would be much more useful at age 60 than age 6. 

the i is the center of the word "hurricane". 

leaving an extra key under your doormat is like making your password "password"

the more attractive you are, the less likely you are to be corrected when you're wrong. no wonder super hot people say such dumb stuff.

one of the most tragic aspects of a plane crash is that, presumably, most of the passengers had airline food as their last meal.

today's date (2-20-2015) looks like it's stuttering 

if the police catch all these creepy clowns and arrest them, they'll only need one cruiser to put them in.

leap day should be an international holiday where all business is expressly forbidden. everyone gets a "free day" to spend extra time with loved ones,

r/mildlyinfuriating should have been spelled wrong 

all restrooms should be pull to enter, push to leave 

if dr. evil were actually a medical doctor, he would have to have gone through a residency at one point. if he did, his title would be "resident evil".

teenagers are like cats. they are totally dependent on others and act like they aren't.

the speed of a clock's second hand is exactly 1 rpm. 

santa claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat.

maybe people don't put cats in boxes on the side of the road, they just put out an empty box and all the stray cats in the area just sit in it.

if ghosts existed, why are they all apparently from the last 100 years or so? wouldn't there be evidence of a neanderthal ghost here and there?

every time i see a marvel movie, i wonder if this will be the bad one. every time i see a dc movie, i wonder if this will be the good one.

when i was younger, i privately worried that i was a sexual deviant because of the thoughts that ran through my head. but thanks to internet porn, i

the most terrifying thing about this clown thing is that there could be literally hundreds of them in just one tiny car.

i realized my friends have reached maturity since i can leave my facebook open without them posting "i am gay" as my status.

when i die i want to see a mental highlight reel of all the best shots i've made tossing things into trashcans

according to the "third time's a charm" rule, germany will somehow win the next world war.

the porn stars i'll eventually beat off to as an old man haven't even been born yet.

we will never hear about the truly perfect crime. 

justin bieber is a canadian who has a hit song called "sorry". 

if you judge it by number of people involved, santa claus being fake is probably the largest cover up in history.

over time, the insult "two dollar whore" has become progressively more offensive.

if i'm brushing my teeth next to someone i always brush a bit longer than when i'm by myself.

pain is nature's way of saying "don't do that". painkillers are man's way of saying "watch me"

any amount of oxygen is a lifetime supply of oxygen 

they should hand out a gold medal to the oldest person on earth during each olympics, because life is the toughest sport there is

about an hour after the final scene in many disney movies, the main character will be losing her virginity.

i hope there is a special place is hell for people who knock on bathroom doors then immediately attempt to open the door.

i'd much rather be somebody who can barely remember high school than somebody who considers it to be the best years of their lives.

[nsfw] when a woman says she's never had an orgasm, guys take it as a challenge. when a guy says i can't get it up, women take it as an insult.

of all the billions of people out there, i am the one who has your attention. 

managers should have to get letters of recommendation from the people below them before moving up to a higher position

pokemon go will be forever marked in history as the day us children finally started going outside again, and most college aged people as well for that

if steroids are banned in bodybuilding competitions, makeup and plastic surgery should be banned in beauty pageants.

as a lonely man, i wish i could also masturbate my heart. 

tim curry is british, famous in the us, and 69 years old. he must be bricking it.

i wish i could switch how i feel in the morning and the night, so when i wake up it feels like there's no way i could go back to sleep and when i go to bed

reddit is a lot like scientology. batshit crazy, hard to leave, and every now and again a celebrity shows up.

shaggy and scooby always runaway side-by-side when fleeing in terror from a monster. if a great dane's running speed is around 30-40 mph, that means that

if i moon you, photons that touched my butt touch your eyes 

if a centaur gave me a blow job, it'd just be gay human sex. if i gave a centaur a blow job, it'd be bestiality.

the creepiest possible thing you could see in r/creepy would be a picture of yourself, on you computer browsing reddit.

burger king employees should be called burger knights. 

i have never heard a woman narrate a movie trailer. 

if batteries could be charged from the friction of scrolling, our phones would never die.

in the word "scent", is it the s or the c that is silent? 

the woman i am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching netflix, and there's no way i'll ever meet her.

"no means no" would be a great title for a beginners spanish textbook. 

someday there will be a til post about how disney didn't create star wars but was actually made by some guy named george lucas.

the world's most masculine name is 'guy chapman' as it's effectively 'bloke blokebloke'.

the reason that four leaf clovers are so rare is that when ever someone finds one they rip it out of the ground, effectively policing the gene pool.

one of my greatest fears is that someone has written my favorite song, but they're not famous enough for me to hear it.

if shaving commercials want to impress me then they should shave a bison, not hairless legs.

weed is now legal in dc. but still illegal to buy, sell or consume it in public. although you can gift it. this is practically the definition of sex.

when youtubers die their children will have hours upon hours of voice/video recording to remember them by.

going to see star wars tomorrow. i think i'm more excited about no longer having to dodge spoilers than i am to see the actual movie.

i base my purchases almost solely on user reviews, but i never review products myself.

gta 7 will play very boring because of self-driving cars. 

the reason i like reddit is it gives me answer to questions i didn't even know how to ask.

if bill gates lost $1mil at a casino, he could buy the casino to get his money back.

the female stereotype of putting your hands on your hips exists because none of their clothing has pockets.

somewhere, there really *is* a couple named adam and steve, and they're tired of people pointing it out.

i've seen my girlfriends butthole a lot more than she has. 

we store so much data, there will probably eventually be digital archaeologists. like neo meets indiana jones.

when you buckle your seatbelt, you are wearing your car. 

i will be very disappointed if the first human born on mars isn't named marvin.

2017 is less than 3 months away, and i still feel like 2010 was just 2 years ago..

there are places in the australian outback where if you are there at the right time the closest person to you will be an astronaut on the iss.

maybe ghosts have sheets over them because they're people who died thinking hiding under their sheets would save them

if your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt.

sitting on the toilet upvoting and downvoting on reddit is the closest i'll ever be to a king judging from a throne.

pornhub should have a memories app like facebook 

a buttload is an actual measurement for drug smugglers. 

they should get the scientists who work on shampoo technology to move to more important fields like cancer research. judging by commercials, they seem to be

facial recognition software can pick a face out of a crowd of people, but the vending machine at my work can't recognize a dollar with a bent corner

i wish i could unlearn english for one day so i could hear how it sounds without meaning

more than 60 countries in the world annually celebrate getting rid of the british.

if you smoke weed before an eating contest, are you technically on performance enhancing drugs?

if i treated people how i wanted to be treated, i would go around sucking dick.

when getting all depressed about my sad, shitty life i realized that my dog will be lucky to live another 4 years and he doesn't act like a little bitch

chief wiggum and his wife look very similar. if they were siblings, that would explain a lot about ralph wiggum.

in movies where santa exists and the parents don't believe in him, where the fuck did they think the presents were coming from?

the biggest lie disney channel's ever told me is that there are 10 minutes of whatever the fuck you want between classes

what if "go fuck yourself" means "go masturbate so you can think clearly and see why this is a bad idea"

if kirby grew a beard it would also be his pubes. 

ellen should give away more stuff like oprah and rename her show ellen de generous

hurricanes are becoming so powerful and violent that they should be named after fictitious monsters and villains to encourage evacuation. hurricane

we've passed the turning point where numbers are now more difficult to type on phones than letters.

reddit humor is having inside jokes with strangers. 

killing a spider makes the spider genetic pool sneakier and more deadly. 

i guess if i had to eat a person i would want them to be a vegetarian. i like irony and prefer grass fed beef.

sunburn is actually pretty crazy. something 93 million miles away is burning you.

it's good that wolverine can heal. he stabs people and never cleans his claws before retracting them. he would have all sorts of blood diseases...

i've stopped using facebook and been using reddit almost exclusively, the only difference is i get the memes a day or two earlier and i don't hate everyone i

it's been over a decade and we still haven't introduced bold and italics to text messages.

if our ass was split horizontally, it would clap when we run down the stairs. 

anyone under 13 probably doesn't understand why we say hang up the phone 

if ghosts are real, i'd mostly be embarassed about how much i've masturbated in front of them

today earphones have replaced hats. you take them off only when you meet someone you have respect for.

of all the things that "tastes like chicken", eggs are ironically not one of them.

people who ask late-sleepers what time they woke up aren't actually interested in the answer. they just want to feel superior for choosing to sleep at a more

as a straight male, i sincerely hope that every man who is better looking than me is gay.

10 years ago we all wanted cool ringtones. now we all just use the standard one

in my 33 years of life i've never once seen a squirrel shit or piss 

i feel like the kind of person who might mess with texas wouldn't be dissuaded by a bumper sticker.

if fire drills have done anything for me, they've taught me to treat fire alarms as a joke.

500 years ago, pirates were a real danger and were not considered cute. i wonder if, in 500 years, kids will be dressing up as islamic terrorists for

i wonder what the orphans in stewart little felt like after being told a potential family picked a mouse over them.

you should be able to put a tag on your username that says "learning english" so that other users can help correct your grammar and spelling without seeming

since we sent a robot to mars before sending humans, isn't it possible that the first extraterrestrials that we encounter on earth could not be the aliens

i always stress out trying to hide my boner in public, but i've never noticed another guy have a boner before

dolphins are so smart, that once captured, train humans to stand at the edge of the pool and feed them fish

we are the first generation where turning something off and on again fixes the problem because we are the first generation where most problems aren't

i can only visualize a gallon in the shape of a milk jug. 

an easy way to spot a drug dealer is by how fast someone can do weight conversions

i wonder how often i turn up in other peoples dreams to do weird shit... 

google maps should team up with garbage trucks to update street view weekly. 

most peoples last word of the year is 'one' 

micheal phelps isn't a merman, he's just a pirate, here to take everyone's gold.

what if earth is the uncontacted amazonian tribe of the galaxy, and aliens don't want to contact us because they want to preserve our primitive and

talking to people on the internet in the 90s meant i was a loser with no friends, not talking to people on the internet now means i am a loser with no

the good thing about being a michael jackson impersonator is that it doesn't matter if you're black or white

the easiest way to enrage someone is to tell them to relax. 

i mock girls for having 100 outfits and "nothing to wear", when i have 100 video games and nothing to play.

i wish we had the ability to dream together with other people. like multi-player dreaming.

if i started a religion, my god would have created everything in two days and then relaxed for five.

if someone knocks on my door to talk religion, i shoo them away. if someone wanted to talk about hypothetical space worlds, i'd probably invite them in.

nature valley granola bars are probably branded as "outdoorsy" because that's the only place you can eat them without getting crumbs all over the f***in

sex is the only activity where hiring a professional is considered wrong and is often illegal

if 50cent kept up with inflation, he'd be 73cent 

lobsters are mermaids to scorpions. 

to me, everyone on reddit has the same sounding voice. 

there should be a show called 'the king of bel-air' where will smith plays a similar role uncle phil was playing in the fresh prince.

it's good that reddit's layout is a bit archaic because that's the only thing keeping out the facebook types who find it "too confusing".

what if the egyptians didn't actually revere cats, but only jokingly did like we do on the internet?

imagine how terrifying horses would be if they were carnivorous. 

if you break the laws of man, you go to jail. if you break the laws of god, you go to hell. if you break the laws of physics, you go to sweden and get a

i know more people whose lives were ruined as a result of world of warcraft than as a result of smoking pot

5



keep my fingers from touching shitty toilet paper. 

what if harry was just in a coma for 7 years because he actually just ran head first into a wall at a train station

i rarely need to comment on reddit because the hive mind usually expresses my thoughts for me

if sheldon from big bang theory was a real person, there would likely be few things on earth he would hate more than the show itself

if batman's parents were still alive he would probably still be raised by alfred.

if i had jerked off just one more time, my kids would be different people. 

little caesars should use "eat two, brute" as a slogan. 

what if stephen hawking's voice box is actually the first a.i., using its robot brain to theorize on the universe and he's just riding along, as tripped

ryan reynolds just got a free pass to be the biggest troll on the planet. he could do almost anything now and claim its deadpool marketing

once you have a phd, every meeting you go to becomes a doctor's appointment 

it is literally impossible to forget something on purpose, yet we get angry with people if they forget things.

the phrase "i didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose me" is actually a depressing statement about how people are born into gang culture and the

if job ads say "must be fluent in mandarin" why don't they post the entire ad in mandarin, that way only genuinely fluent people could apply?

the longest most of us will ever go without masturbating is roughly 12 years. that's from birth to 12 years old.

it was pretty cool that all the jewish kids didn't ruin santa for us when we were younger.

with the way that 2016 has been going so far, the next season of south park should be amazing.

you can call someone who makes prosthetics a professional body builder. 

finding the real "download" button is like indiana jones picking the real holy grail. just have to look for the least conspicuous one.

[1 in 4 car accidents are caused by texting and driving] people: "won't be me." [1 in 292 million chance of winning the powerball] people: "you never

if you keep asking "why" about something, you'll eventually arrive at quantum mechanics

i hate every shampoo company that shapes their bottles in a way that makes it impossible to put them down upside down.

all marijuana is considered medical marijuana if you believe laughter is the best medicine.

if jesus came to earth now, non-christians would think he was mental and actual christians would be offended that someone was claiming to be jesus

what if i'm mentally challenged and everyone around me is just being really cool about it?

google should start an online dating service because at this point they know more about everyone than any other service. they could use all that data to

there's a moment in every redditors day where they finally click that boring looking link they've ignored this morning because everything else is already

of all the religious fanatics out there, satanists probably scare me the least.

on earth, curiosity drives scientists. on mars, scientists drive curiosity. 

someone is going to say “i have to go to the moon” in a bored, defeated tone one day

i haven't misspelled bananas in 10 years thanks to gwen stefani. 

i'm 22 and i'm just realizing why some watermelon flavored lollipops have green wrappers but are actually red...

if you lie on the ground on your back, it's like the world is your backpack and you're carrying it through space.

holding my finger on the power button to shut my computer down feels like suffocating someone with a pillow

i'm convinced that every time a sock goes missing from the dryer... it comes back as an extra tupperware lid.

marvel movies make me care about characters i never cared about, dc movies make me not care about characters i used to care about

it's 2016. don't you think it's about time shower heads came with a built in thermometer so you don't have to make random adjustments for 20 minutes before

if harry potter was real, people on tumblr would probably be constantly complaining about the use of the word "muggle"

the problem is not people being uneducated; the problem is that they are educated just enough to believe what they've been taught. and not educated

people born on 07/07/07 turned 7 today! 

airbubbles in water are the opposite of rain. 

working from home is a very, very bad thing if you happen to be a firefighter. 

one of the lesser known advantages of owning a cat is that they will alert you if a red dot from a sniper rifle appears on your body by frantically jumping

what if deadpool is actually a romantic comedy and the film's marketing team has tricked men into thinking it was an action-comedy.

it would be infinitely cooler if the people in your dream had the same dream and you could talk about it.

telling my parents i'm moving to colorado for the skiing is like telling my girlfriend i'm going to hooters for the wings

500 years ago indigenous peoples must have wondered "are we alone on this planet" the way we wonder if we are alone in the universe. then they actually

some rappers basically have us pay them to tell us what extravagant/lavish things they then do with our money

life on earth is the cosmic equivalent of what happens when you don't store things in a cool dry place.

society has become so civilized that we have to simulate manual labor at the gym in order to reap the health benefits that civilizations of past centuries

being high in front of your parents, is like doing the best impression of yourself.

reddit comments seem smart and intelligent, until it is a subject i'm knowledgeable in.

you've never met the loneliest person. 

i've gotten out of bed every day for 18 years. that's 6,570 sit-ups and i don't have one ab to show for it.

at debates they should just mute the mic of the candidate who's not supposed to be speaking

everyone at the grammys looks like the people from district one in the hunger games.

poverty is like a migraine. people assume it's like any other headache, so they tell you to just "power through it" but don't realize how debilitating it

people don't realize through their day how much implicit trust they have for welders.

maybe aliens don’t talk to us because we’re creepy. i mean we send them weird mix tapes and we keep trying to find out where they live

as i lay in this bathtub, eating an upsetting amount of buffalo wings and watching netflix on my laptop, i'm experiencing luxury greater than many kings

if "getting to first base" and "hitting a home run" are sex euphemisms, then "pitching a perfect game" is keeping everyone at a party from f*&amp;



no-one has seen me wipe my butt in close to 30 years. what if i'm doing it wrong?

masturbating to pictures in the harry potter universe would be extremly uncomfortable for the people in the pictures

dogs are great because they could rip you apart and eat you but they don't, because they want belly rubs instead.

we're not nearly as appreciative of how many years we've gone without jersey shore as we should be.

there is a whole generation who will hear bloodhound gang's "the bad touch" and not understand what "do it like they do on the discovery channel" means.

jesus' first miracle was bringing alcohol to a party. 

right now, there are millions of formally dressed skeletons in our ground. 

humans are inherently lonely cause no one can "hear" your thoughts except you. even when you express some through words, you cannot describe the full

i wonder if apple called their new watch the apple watch because iwatch would just be creepy.

fleeing from police is like choosing the double or nothing option. 

if gym equipment was invisible, gyms would look like silent raves. 

if censorship was truly effective, then we'd have no idea it was even happening

if everybody was consistently as determined as they are when they carry all groceries in one trip, this world would be in a better place

since a large part of dust is made of dead skin cells, and because i frequently apply friction to my penis, i wonder how much dick dust is in my

i saved the most on black friday, by not buying a single thing. 

i will one day flip through my kid's school history book and find it strange to have been alive during some of its chapters

a "lethal dose" is also a "lifetime supply". 

the person who invented the shower had shower thoughts before the shower even existed.

the president of the united states technically works from home. 

if you cant find an american flag to face during the anthem, you could just face the moon.

drinking alcohol makes you think you're much more interesting than you are. smoking marijuana makes you think everything else is much more

when i see 'wtf' written i immediately think 'what the fuck' but when i see 'lol' i think it as 'lol'

i am just a penis. the rest of me is just there to make sure my penis survives long enough to make more penises.

during december reddit should be able to purchase coal instead of gold for comments they truly hate.

one of the most evironmentally friendly things i can do for the planet is not have children.

now that colorado is spending marijuana money on bully prevention, drugs have done more for the kids than the war on drugs ever did.

whoever named the sweater was wearing that shit in the summer like an idiot. 

when you eat ribs you're eating a part of the animal that evolved specifically to protect the animal but is now one of the reasons the animal was killed.

there are literally people on nsfw sub reddits that suck dick for karma. 

if pigs could fly i bet their wings would taste delicious. 

design companies should hire a few 14 year olds to point out any accidental penises in their designs.

if leo was black, there would be millions of people who thought his race is why he hasn't won an oscar.

i wonder how many animals we had to jump on the backs of before we noticed horses were cool with it.

they should make a shazam for bird calls where it identifies the kind of bird making the call.

when i die, i hope i have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "you did this."

the most illegal thing i've done on drugs is just the drugs themselves. 

if drake and taylor swift went out, we'd hear both sides of the break up. 

everyone hates performance enhancing drugs, yet everyone loves captain america.

now that i'm out of highschool, i realized that i only talked to people just because i saw them everyday.

16 year olds are competing in the olympics and i still look at my mum when the doctor asks what's wrong

in the harry potter universe, you could probably get a .gif tattooed on you. 

my dog must think the lawnmower is a big loud monstrosity of a beast that i sometimes take for slow boring walks.

the guy who said “look! up in the sky! it’s a bird!” in the superman intro was strangely excited to see a bird...

i'm only funny to my girlfriend because she doesn't use reddit. 

there are two kinds of jobs. jobs where you shower before and jobs where you shower after.

netflix should allow you to queue episodes from different tv shows, then play them in that order, like a "thursday night lineup" option.

as a child i spent 25 cents for about four minutes of an arcade game, but as an adult i won't pay $1 for a mobile game i play for hours.

the operation to undo a zombie apocalypse should be codenamed ctrl+z 

a gps using only "warm" and "cold" for directions could be exciting or terrible.

wolverine should be donating his organs over and over again every single day. 

i’m sure my phone vibrates every now and then with no notification just to make me think i’m going crazy.

there should be a show like chopped, but for tinkerers/engineers. instead of food you get scrap and have to make an interesting concept.

when someone calls you a pussy ass bitch they are calling you three different animals

few things are as comforting as seeing your exact issue pop up in google autocomplete

field goal kickers are like the it guys of the nfl. when they do their job correctly no one really noticed. but the entire world gives them shit when

they should put password requirements next to the login so i can remember which variation of my password i used.

gonorrhoea sounds like a medicine to treat diarrhoea 

if i had a time machine, i'd go to a thrift store in 2056 and buy some reasonably priced clothes from my own generation.

i get oddly excited when my pee is clear and think "oh yea i'm so hydrated" 

they should show regular people attempting olympic events before the athletes to remind everyone of how incredible the athletes are

my dick and stomach are like my two business partners whose sole purpose is to run the business into the ground.

dubai is just a rich mans game of minecraft. 

jurassic park was a cautionary tale about the dangers of underpaying it workers

back to the future should be remade every 30 years, with the exact same plot except all the cultural references updated. that way every generating can

if they don't name that ship boaty mcboatface i will not believe in democracy 

the loudest possible way to open a bag of chips is to try and do so quietly. 

being born is the first time i did something for the last time and dying will be the last time i do something for the first time

orlando bloom sounds like a wnba team. 

the funniest guy in the room is usually smart, but the smartest guy in the room usually isn't very funny.

if i had a dollar for every time someone misused "literally" i would figuratively have a million dollars.

why the fuck do birds run across the street? you have fucking wings you little shit, don't make me run your bird ass over.

whenever i encounter a 30 second video ad, i silently think "this is a big waste of my time", before spending 2 more hours watching meme compliations for

i'd actually be much more hesitant to ask my dad for $20 if he was made of money.

i wouldn't be surprised if a copy of deadpool (the movie) shows up on the pirate bay, only for it to turn out to be an official video of deadpool

if wayne and garth were youtubers they would've been massively successful. 

to save the panda from extinction, we need to start eating them. if there was a market for panda, someone somewhere would get them to breed, no question.

i just realized that being the dungeon master for your group of friends sounds very different to someone who has never heard of d&amp;d before

pimp my ride should do a "where are they now" episode 

a "buttload" of underwear would be exactly one pair. 

america is not a "melting pot", it's a house salad, and people are constantly trying to pick out the parts they don't like.

reddit has made my attention span so short i rarely read articles, i just check the comments to see if the titles are true, false, or misleading.

if the zombie apocalypse ever happens, some of the zombies would be wearing walking dead t-shirts.

why the fuck is it even possible to raise only one side of the venetian blinds? has anyone in the history of humankind ever wanted to raise only one

because i only take my dog to awesome places like the beach and the dog park, he must think that, every time i leave the house alone, i play by myself at

kids in the future will think the 9/11 attacks on the world trade center spawned the idea/creation of "dial 911 for emergency".

"lefty loosey, righty tightly" is probably the most useful thing anyone's ever said to me

the deadliest character in video game history is probably the first goomba in the original super mario brothers. between people not knowing how to play, not

a bullet may have someone's name on it, but ten pounds of c4 is more 'to whom it may concern'

hippo is faster then human both on land and in water, so bicycle is your only chance to beat it in triathlon

martin luther king, jr., gave his most famous speech so that people of all races could go to school together. to celebrate his life, nobody goes to

as a kid, i had to be careful not to curse around adults. now as an adult, i have to be careful not to curse around kids.

some atm machines charge you £1.85 for cash withdrawals then have the audacity to tell you to cover your pin to prevent getting robbed.

soon, when teens get caught smoking, they'll tell their parents it was just pot, not cigarettes

people from the north probably walk faster because they want to get out of the cold. people in the south probably walk slower because they don't want to work

there should be an apologetic car horn so when you fuck up in traffic you can say sorry without upsetting the other driver even more.

as a kid i used to think of "kicked the bucket" as a tame way to state somebody died. i just realized as an adult it signifies kicking the bucket

we shouldn't be able to unsubscribe from /tattoos 

if you were to continuously put tooth picks into a car, there would be a maximum number of toothpicks that could fit. but it's hard to imagine a car

we have approximately 780000km of nerves in our bodies, yet a single one in my tooth is enough to fuck up my whole week.

the empire has built 3 deaths stars, each to be the most powerful weapon in the galaxy. they have all been destroyed by x-wings. the empire needs to

nothing is on fire, fire is on things. 

what really blows my mind is that nasa is able to receive data from a 4.67 billion miles far away spacecraft, while i lose wifi signal once i move to the

one day robots are going to be sentient beings going through a fight for equal rights, and we'll be the old generation saying "i'm not giving voting rights

the worst part of tinder is that it only helps you meet other people who are at a place in their lives where using tinder seems like a good idea.

"lisp", "stutter", and "dyslexic" are all words that people with those impediments would struggle with

every time i have to chase a ping-pong ball, i feel like a 3 year-old. i'm convinced there is no cool way to chase a ping-pong ball.

to most of the girls of /r/gonewild their face is their most private part. 

in the first harry potter, ron's attempt to change scabber's colour didn't work because he's not a real rat

snipers and surgeons need steady hands for the exact opposite reasons 

after i poo, i do up my belt before i wash my hands. i have never washed my belt.

as someone who is not religious, i say the words "jesus christ" more than someone who is

mexicans are stereotyped as both taking all the jobs and doing no work at all. 

i can send someone a poop emoji, but i can't type a text with italics. 

can we all just take a moment to appreciate that google is free 

there are more women named ashley madison than were women on ashley madison 

whoever designed the headphone jack really knocked it out of the park. universal compatibility for several decades now.

for how culturally and ethnically diverse reddit probably is, i basically see you all as the same type of person

as a girl, i have taken for granted my whole life that we can't get awkward boners

saying "drugs and alcohol" is like saying "fruits and bananas" 

you never appreciate breathing through your nose, until you have a cold 

kari, tori, and grant should create a youtube channel where they continue to bust myths. they would gain millions of subscribers really quickly.

i should find the one joke that makes an alzheimer's patient laugh the hardest and then repeat it to him every single day.

there's probably an employee named jake who works at state farm, who's had it with people's jokes.

pornhub should have an educational category that shows you how to have safe sex, open and put on a condom, etc..

humans have a fear of aliens coming to earth with superior technology and killing everyone but that's exactly what happened to the native americans.

this is the first time i have made it through the month of october without hearing "monster mash" once.

facebook should add a feature called "breakup" so it can immediately remove all traces or even slight connections to your ex.

every morning i wake up and catch my brain closing some really weird open tabs. but when i check the history, my brain's been on incognito mode all

it's really redundant when a news website has a "read more" button cutting off the article. i'm obviously on the page to read the article, i didn't open the

i wish the walking dead would do another spinoff show that includes a completely new cast every season (similar to how true detective works). every

if a male gets breast implants, can his nipples be shown on tv? 

what if a radio station said "hey siri, text my mom 'fuck you'.......... send" 

i spent my early 20's trying to get new games to play on old computers and i spent my late 30's trying to get old games to play on new computers

they really need a cricket emoji, for when people don't reply to a text. 

losing your car keys in your house is the adult version of being grounded until you clean.

"eh, fuck it" is the grown up version of "hakuna matata." 

whenever i see a typing mistake on the internet, i check my keyboard to see if it's a reasonable error or not.

actors get paid more to pretend to go into space than astronauts get paid to actually go!

there should be a rule that movies can only use footage from the first 20 minutes of the film in the trailer

when a father calls his daughter a princess, he is subtly calling himself a king.

on a clear day you can see about 4 miles into the horizon, but on a clear night you can see light years away

the older i get the more i realize that you're more of a rebel if you don't smoke weed or drink

what if our use of emojis gradually becomes so extensive that we actually circle back to writing in hieroglyphics.

someone thought they were real fuckin' clever sneaking a b into the word "subtle"

a mullet will make you a redneck and also prevent you from getting one. 

anakin skywalker over the course of 6 movies lost 5 of his 4 limbs in 3 duels. 

some day, "bitches ain't shit" by dr. dre will be playing somewhere, and an elderly couple will turn to each other and say, "they're playing our song."

i like reddit better than facebook because at least the idiots on reddit are anonymous.

the 'just say no' generation is now grown up and pushing to legalize recreational marijuana.

maybe adele is in the charts so often because middle-aged women don't know how to torrent

as a child i never thought about race, gender, or religion until school and textbooks mentioned it

two people can be born at the exact same time yet have different birthdays because of time zones.

there's nothing wrong with taking candy from a baby, because babies shouldn't be eating candy in the first place.

you don't actually bite down on anything. you bite up. 

books replaced tablets over a thousand years ago. 

california should be banned from posting to this subreddit until the drought is over.

being a canadian is confusing at times because you sound like an american, write like a brit and throw in just enough french words to freak everyone out.

there are probably hundreds of great, unique and breakthrough reddit posts/comments we'll never see because, in the middle of writting, the poster

they should create a teenage-version of "who wants to be a millionaire," but instead of a million dollars, the winner gets a full scholarship to the

if joggers did not exist, who would find all the dead bodies?? 

the mullet was probably created to stop red necks. 

if i buy a case of digorno pizza from amazon, is or is it not delivery? 

warm beer and cold coffee are the same temperature. 

the guy who did the cinematography for the film jfk (1991), has “shot jfk” on his résumé.

"a mile a minute" sounds way faster than "60 miles an hour" 

when dads call their daughters princess, they are subtly calling themselves king.

canadians are extremely polite because they are trying to make up for canadian geese being such dicks

i wonder if my cat thinks i just stand on the other side of my apartment's door for 10 hours a day.

if you didn't know what a chicken was and ordered chicken fingers, you'd think they are huge.

what if your whole life flashing before your eyes right before you die happens in real time? and what if we're living it right now? and what if we get deja

if football had not existed, messi would be a normal guy. maybe i'm the best player of a sport that doesn't exist, and that's why i'm a normal guy.

the rocky mountains is an extremely lazy name for a mountain range. 

if sign spinners unionize and go on strike, it will be the most glorious picket line ever.

the "m" in "mtv" now stands for "miscellaneous." 

people who say "i can text and drive just fine" are oblivious to how shitty they drive because they're texting.

finding bigfoot has been on the air for 5 years. it should be called not finding bigfoot.

i am surprised more eli5 answers arent "because i told you so". 

i don't pay attention to usernames unless someone says "username checks out." 

minors have less freedom to do legal things, but more freedom to do illegal things

tony stark is an atheist, yet one of his friends is literally a god. 

bruce banner is the only man who increases the size of his carbon footprint when he goes green.

deadpool should "leak" the movie but have it like it is being recorded in a theatre with deadpool in the middle of the camera watching the movie but

the more money companies spend for longer, non skip-able youtube ads, the less i want to use their product.

if i purchase a film legally, i have to sit through minutes of unskippable piracy warnings and fbi threats. i could avoid this minor punishment and get

willy wonka got pretty lucky that all the winners spoke english 

i don't need to order the ronda rousey fight. i'll just watch the gif right afterwards.

no one has ever been in an empty room. 

fifty shades of grey would make a great title to a movie about a dog trying to read a map of the united states

if an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. if an egg is broken by an inside force, life begins.

what if han has no idea what chewie is saying and he’s just making up shit to agree with himself

pulling out an earbud when someone enters the room is the 21st century's ultimate sign of respect.

michael phelps has more than enough gold coins to buy a star in mario party 

at this point the phrase "beating a dead horse" should be replaced with "beating a dead gorilla"

if you don't reproduce, you are breaking a 4 billion year old family tradition.

when you want to make sure a piece of paper doesn't get folded, you put it in something called a folder.

what if my brown birthmark is my real skin and i'm actually a black man covered in a white birthmark

"don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for an abortion clinic. 

i'm like the kid in school that's friends with everyone but when told to partner up isn't anyone's first choice.

when stan lee dies, all marvel actors and actresses should dress up in character and attend his funeral.

on christmas, battlefield 1 should have a truce and turn into a soccer game for 24 hours.

in 80 years or so, the this place will be a hub for the thoughts of the dead. 

what if pixar's cars took place after computers have annihilated the human race and google self-driving cars are all that are left.

if you really want to know how people think of you, start a game of charades and enthusiastically point to yourself.

sean connery should probably never do a city bank commercial. 

netflix should have an 'on its way out' section so you have one last chance to watch tv shows or movies before they get taken down.

when i was a kid people told me i was too young to have anxeity now that i'm grown people tell me i need to stop acting like a child and get over anxeity.

someone in the united states has no clue that this is his last weekend with all ten fingers.

the force awakens is the first star wars movie to ever be the same number as its episode number.

twitter makes me like people i've never met. facebook makes me hate people i used to like.

the idea that humans are able to consider another species "over populated" is kind of arrogant.

being a sexual partner of mine is a more exclusive club than being president of the united states.

as a colorado native, i've only ever had sex a mile high. what i need to do is join the sea level club.

i wonder if people commit mass murders because they are products of this instant gratification age and do not have the patience to be a serial killer.

if i were a ghost, id haunt people by knocking on their door as soon as they started masturbating.

reddit has become my morning newspaper 

a ton of people would only be about 12 or 13 people. 

airbnb is destroying the hotel business like uber is destroying the taxi business like email destroyed the mail business and grocery stores destroyed

if a snickers is all it takes to satisfy you, you weren't hungry enough to justify your bad attitude.

i play the sims to escape reality and live impossible fantasies—like having a house and job.

when i was young i used to look away when characters kissed because it was gross. now i look away because it reminds me how sad and alone i am...

think about how dangerous and bizarre walmart would be if it were as poorly lit as hollister.

the amish are a wonderful example of how you can be a religious fanatic and not be a menace.

no one has ever been in an empty room 

kanye west should re-release his entire discography and title it 'kanye's greatest hits'

if you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it mouth trap, and that is also what it would be, and that is pleasing

when i was young, my dad went with me to the car dealership to make sure i didn't get ripped off. now i go with him to the verizon store to make sure he

as a woman, when i say "my partner" people assume i mean my business partner. when my husband says "my partner" people assume he is gay.

i usually end up ignoring the featured links on google even if they are exactly what i'm looking for

no matter how good i clean my body, i feel filthy until i brush my teeth. 

when you get to a certain age you're sneaking a glance at her ring finger, not her boobs.

all pants and jeans should have pockets lined with microfiber material so your phone gets cleaned every time you put it in your pocket.

not caring about star wars right now is kinda like being jewish during december.

100 yrs ago we had trouble flying, 50 yrs ago we flew to the moon, yesterday we flew by pluto.

given that i visit reddit far more often than facebook, it stands to reason that i prefer perfect strangers over actual friends and family.

i wonder if we will get to the point in car safety that a car crash will make international news like a plane crash does?

as a child, falling asleep in the car and being carried to bed was the most amazing thing in the world. now, as a father, doing the same for my daughter

today, as i go off to work, i'm cosplaying a responsible adult who doesn't get baked as shit every night.

a college diploma is just a receipt 

i can tie a tie. i can fix my car. youtube has replaced my father. 

during leap years we should take the extra day and move it from february 29th to december 32nd. then we can make a big holiday out of it and have a combined

if i die a virgin that means i have a terrorist waiting to have sex with me up there.

they should release 2 super hero movies at the same time. one from the protagonist pov and the other from the antagonist pov. let the audience decide

people use brown paper bags to hide the fact that they're drinking alcohol even tho nobody uses them to drink soft drinks.

necrophilia happened often enough fhat they had to invent a word for it 

no man's sky is basically running around planets full of nothing but people's forgotten spore creatures.

grandpa joe laid in bed for 20 years while his daughter and grandson worked their asses off to support him. as soon as he gets to go to a chocolate

amazon prime movies should have a category called "not on netflix" for people who have both services.

my parents taught me to not talk to strangers online. now that's pretty much all i do on this website.

if someone shouts "get down" or "put your hands up", you're about to have a great time, or a really bad one.

when i want to have a document forever, i scan it into the computer. when my parents want to have a document forever, they print it out.

rihanna made more money by saying work in her song than i will ever make in my life by actually working.

when the first child is born on mars, we will have add planet of birth to our passports.

if a human sperm cell contains 37.5 megabytes of data, and i have 215 million sperm cells, then i have an 8 petabyte ballsack.

it's pretty easy for simba and mufasa to be singing the circle of life when they're the ones at the top of the food chain. i bet the zebras hate that

mankind has gone from tablets to scrolls and now we're scrolling on tablets. 

grand theft auto is such a common game now that i frequently forget that it's the name of an actual crime

what if dogs bring the ball back because they think you enjoy throwing it? 

if another country goes to the moon and knocks over the usa flag i would bet the us is crazy enough to send people back to the moon just to fix it and put

somewhere out there is a man who has jacked-off more than anybody else in the world

after this week, back to the future will take place entirely in the past 

auctioneers are proof white people can rap if they try hard enough. 

there is a whole generation that doesn't know that pirates of the caribbean was a disneyland ride decades before it was ever a movie.

people who rate porn videos are the unsung heroes of our generation 

drug-resistant bacteria are like that hero in action movies who witnessed his entire family get murdered before his eyes and now has grown up, become

the swimming pool in the titanic is still full. 

a good way to fix the youtube comments could be to only allow comments after you watched at least 50



tomorrow, /r/tifu will be flooded with people's pranks gone horribly wrong. 

in eleven days, 2030 will be as far away as 2000 

i keep my condoms in the same nightstand drawer as my gun. i have protection from every type of human in that drawer, from the unborn to the undead.

i wish i was as skinny as the first time i thought i was fat. 

the name "cunningham" sounds perfectly normal, yet the name "cleverpork" would be totally weird.

my mom always told me, "don't talk to strangers online." but that's all i do. 

who looked at a bowl of rice and was like " i bet the most efficient way of eating this is with two sticks"

as i've got older, cereal has become less of a breakfast and more of a late night snack

in a game of tag between a very good sprinter and a very good distance runner, the chaser will always catch the other one.

"pilot" is actually a fitting name for the first episode of lost 

as a teenager the funniest part of reddit is remembering that most of you are adults.

tom cruise predominantly plays characters that fight / kill aliens, but is a member of a religion that worships aliens as deities.

drinking water through a straw is the opposite of snorkeling. 

the first pokemon that was caught was by a guy just beating it up. 

if we all move to voat, it should be renamed "redidit". 

wizards smoke out of long pipes so they do not risk setting their beards on fire.

instead of remaking good films, we should remake shitty ones that showed potential.

if i knock up my girlfriend tonight, 12 years from now i won't have to shovel snow.

blue + yellow = green. water + sun = plants. 

tetris taught me that when you try to fit in you'll disappear. 

every country has an independence day except britain because they were the ones everybody was seeking independence from

if every u.s. sports team converted to metric, americans would understand the metric system by the next game.

if netflix had a "i don't want to watch this movie. ever" option, its recommendations would be much better

the word "anna" shifted down the alphabet one letter becomes "boob" 

my mom asked me how to screenshot on her iphone. i laughed and then remembered she taught me how to use a spoon and a toilet.

we are all dying at an alarmingly fast rate. eating and drinking just pushes that impending death back by a few hours

mona lisa was the first kardashian, famous for nothing. 

childbirth is literally an emergency. 

a comedy show about hammered people explaining historical events has more to do with history than most shows on the history channel.

mr. peanut is an aristocrat who sells dead and dry-roasted members of his own species.

weird al's career has outlived the career of most of the musicians he parodied 

"buy the textbook i wrote" is the university lecturer version of "buy my mixtape, it's fire"

we stick kids in classrooms 7 hours a day, give them another few hours of homework, actively discourage them from playing outside, and then wonder why

anytime i see a dog with 3 legs i feel really bad but then i realize he looks at me with 2 legs and i probably give him inspiration

frozen pizza should be pre-cut in case to bake just a slice 

the two main characters of the show "veggie tales" are a tomato and a cucumber. neither are technically vegetables.

i would much rather watch gandalf vs dumbledore than batman vs superman 

kanye west should buy youtube ads that play before taylor swift's songs. 

a male lunch lady is a lunch lord. 

because they're loud and heavily-perfumed, abercrombie &amp; fitch stores are ideal spots for farting.

we need a new tl;dr. how about ts;dl (too slow; didn't look) for those times when the picture or gif takes too damn long to load!

i want mythbusters to melt steel beams with jet fuel. 

the only time the word incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.

cats probably think we are cleaning our ice cream 

i'd watch a reality tv show where 4chan people and tumblr people are stranded on an island and have to work together to survive.

maybe "smith" is a common surname because blacksmiths were never forced to serve in combat roles during war time.

if luke skywalker ends up being the villain in the new star wars trilogy, then obi-wan kenobi really sucks at training jedis to be good.

if she wasn't famous, oprah would just be one of those facebook moms that fall for fake news stories, clickbait and trolls.

being old means referring to 3am as "really early" instead of "really late". 

they should make a special reddit for bedtime, called beddit, that only lets you look at calm, peaceful happy things, not creepy or sad things.

a relationship is like a dlc for life. it adds a ton of extra content, and a new storyline, but it usually involves spending a lot of money.

if ads had like and dislike buttons, maybe companies would realize how annoying they were and make better ones.

whenever someone uses "my partner" i can't help but think they are gay, regardless of situation.

it's sad how the death of one earpiece of your headphones leaves the other to a life of neglect &amp; uselessness for no fault of its own.

fedex and ups drivers are the closest things we have to an actual santa claus, and amazon is essentially the north pole.

south park has a better grasp of current events than the news does. 

i can slowly feel myself getting older by how long i have to scroll down to find my birth year on website age gates.

everyone is hiding their naked body from us. our goal is to find someone and convince them stop.

my birth control pill pack is like an advent calendar for my period. 

the food network should do a late night show called drunk cooking: sauced up famous chefs cooking their favorite drunk snacks

most people fantasize about winning the lottery to buy a mansion, fancy cars, etc. i just want to win so i don't have to get up for work tomorrow.

the swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew on their army knife.

whenever a human walks through a spider web i bet the spider who built it is super psyched for a few seconds that he caught something so big

facebook should charge users $4.99 to block all the ice bucket challenge post from your timeline, and donate all that money to als research.

caterpillars have mastered beauty sleep 

the people who preach abstinence as the guaranteed way to prevent pregnancy also believe in the virgin birth.

the only reason his name is aquaman is because it couldn't have been seaman. 

if your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it. 

"elevator music" is such a widely recognized and referenced term, but yet everytime i am on an elevator there is no damn elevator music

willy wonka sent out his chocolate bars worldwide, and 5 white kids (4 with first-world problems) still won.

guys get erections every morning, right? the concept of "morning" varies depending on where you live, with the "morning line" basically spinning around

butterfinger should host a bowl game, and invite the two teams that had the most fumbles during the regular season.

dwayne "the rock" johnson should host a cooking show where contestants have to guess what he's cooking by smell alone.

the tallest person on earth has been the same height as every person on earth. 

we should start referring to 'age' as 'levels', so when you're lvl 80 it sounds more badass than just being an old person.

bill gates and i have a combined fortune of around 80 billions of dollars. 

i wish fat was like muscle; if you don't use it, you lose it. 

if you re-watch tom and jerry as an adult, all you see is a cat trying to live his life and be good for his human whilst a violent and possibly psychotic

instead of the money spent on mice for marijuana studies, i would happily pay $10 to get high and run a maze.

if arnold schwarzenegger and tom arnold ran for president, it would be arnold/schwarzenegger 2020. if they went by their first names, it would be

as a child, i couldn't believe adults knew so much. as an adult, i can't believe adults know so little.

my girlfriend and i touch other peoples genitals moreso than we do each others... i'm an ob/gyn and she's a urologist.

netfilx should incorporate a downvote button so i don't have to see the same movies in top picks every time i log in.

i just realized it's called the mediterranean sea because it's in the middle of all that land.

it's ok if playboy stops publishing nudes, because everyone i've ever talked to only gets the magazine for the articles.

thank god everyone agrees on the color of traffic lights. 

the older generations that complain about milenials being lazy and reclusive were the same generation that took away our fun playgrounds for not being safe

girl scouts are the only door to door salesmen that make me want to say "where the hell have you been?!" when they show up

in space reverse cowgirl and doggy are the same thing 

we should take a moment to just appreciate that not only google search exists but it is also for free.

if i put an empty bowl out on halloween with a sign that says "take one", i'll look like a good person and everyone will think someone just took all the

my penis grew a beard faster than i did. 

when an actor or actress passes on, services like netflix and amazon should stream their films free to all for a week so we all may remember and enjoy

its weird how my brain automaticly reads "wtf" as "what the fuck" but still reads lol as l-o-l

all of the best skipping rocks are in the middle of the lake. 

the only major black character in breaking bad sells crystal meth and fried chicken

my six month old daughter has tripled her weight since birth. if this trend continues, by the time she's 10 she'll weigh over 17 billion pounds

i wish there was an office-acceptable non-smoking reason to intermittently go outside and do nothing productive for about 10 minutes at a time.

of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank goodness it's the yawn.

my professor's whiteboard eraser has absorbed more information about my field of study than i have.

we're "repeating" the sixties. space exploration, russian conflict, marijuana legalization, race issues.

i don't understand how, late into the zombie apocalypse when the zombies have lost a lot of weight, they aren't walking with their pants around their ankles

in a single lifetime, george takei has gone from being sent to an internment camp for being japanese, to being able to marry his gay lover

a car with 25,000 miles on the odometor is considered low mileage. 25,000 miles is approximately the circumfrence of the earth. a low mileage car has

if penis enlargement pills claiming to double your size actually worked, you could have a penis as long as the galaxy is wide with only 73 pills

i bet giraffes don't even know what a fart smells like 

listening to my grandma gossip about the people she knows feels a lot like trying to watch game of thrones from the 5th season. there's too many people

amazon should have an option where you can choose to donate the remaining amount in order to get to 35$+ total to get free shipping.

"to whom it may concern" would be a good way to start an agnostic's prayer. 

we should put a picture of the moon landing on american currency. 

they should stop naming hurricanes after generic first names, but instead solicit corporate sponsors who would pay a marketing fee to help offset the

in about 15 years, karaoke bars will be overrun with groups of drunk girls singing "let it go."

more americans have been dumped by taylor swift than have died from ebola. 

we should pay students to attend school, take aptitude tests, and receive bonuses for completing their courses and graduating early; low income families

sometimes, when i get sick, i think back about the times i was healthy and think about how ungrateful i was to be healthy. this is probably what it feels

the titanic's swimming pool is still functional. 

we are too lazy to go take a shower, but once we do, we don't want to leave anymore.

i don't agree with "save the children first" mentality. it takes way less time to replace a 5 year old kid than it does a 40 year old.

i've insulted my best friends more than i've insulted my worst enemies. 

i like how the term "as fuck" is a common unit of measurement. 

adults complaining about the younger generation are really just saying their generation did a shitty job raising their kids.

the more popular this post becomes, the greater the chance that someone who has read it will be hit by a bus.

as a parent i would be less concerned about what my son downloads from internet than what my daughter uploads on it.

this olympics is on track to be the worst olympics in history and we already have a nazi hosted olympics in the books.

windows 10 rebooting without permission is like your mother coming into your room, closing all the books on your desk, and putting them away while your in

bags of cat food should come with cat toys inside like cereal boxes for children.

sex drive should be a major criteria in matchmaking and dating sites. 

the last time i was someone's type, i was donating blood. 

is a bath relaxing for michael phelps, or does he just feel like he is at work?

every person sees the world in a unique way. when someone dies it is, in a way, the death of an entire world.

a person from 150 years ago would be terrified by modern stuff. however, a duck from 150 years ago would just be all like, still got lakes? yes ? okay

saying um is the human equivalent to buffering 

battlefield 1 should honor the christmas truce of world war i by disabling all weapons on christmas day.

i recently came to the startling conclusion i will probably never ride a giraffe in my lifetime.

a zombie outbreak could be prevented if people were buried with their shoe laces tied together.

i always felt bad that the rabbit never got any trix and i hated the kids for it.

i think that every time a single sock goes missing, it shows up as an extra tupperware lid.

"on your mark, get set, go!" counts down in syllables 3, 2, 1. 

when i was a kid, uber meant "the best". now it means "taxi". 

pornhub should make their app a fake calculator that only opens the real thing if you type in 80085

people who chew with their mouths open have literally no idea that there are people who daydream about brutally murdering them whenever they eat in public.

heat, pressure, and time. the three things that make a diamond, are also the three things that make a waffle.

if high school was a movie, high schoolers wouldn't be allowed to watch it. 

i'm not sure who is more happy, leo for winning his oscar, or me for not having to hear about leo and his lack of oscar wins any more.

tipping your waiter is like paying shipping and handling for your food. 

all the characters from toy story are chinese 

if i created a pregnancy test app, i wonder how many people i can convince to pee on their phone?

wwi and wwii were 21 years apart and in the first we used horses and in the second we used atomic bombs

mcafee antivirus acts more like a virus than anything else on my computer... 

in england you can join the army at 16 but have to be 18 to buy call of duty 

seth rogan is this generation's adam sandler. a jewish comedian that makes comedies with the same actors in every movie.

they should have a countdown on the screen in movie theaters so you know if you have time to go to the bathroom before the movie starts

must be hard for pornstar family members to surf porn sites 

we're one bad hollywood decision away from a minecraft feature film, and that's scary

zombies are perpetual motion machines. they shouldn't be destroyed but used as an energy source.

the nfl is basically watching millionaires beat the shit out of each other for ugly jewelry

"unbelievable actor" is more of an insult than a compliment 

as someone in scotland, it feels like england is being the friend who got way too drunk and got us kicked out of the club.

when bill gates sits down in a café, it's average customer instantly becomes a billionaire.

1000 years ago people worshipped thor, the god of thunder. in another 1000 years, will jesus christ join the avengers?

school is meant to bring new humans up to speed on humanity's progress so far. 

in 1916, the average person owned a horse and was considered "rich" if they owned a car. in 2016, it's the other way around.

the kids in high school that you thought should never be parents usually have kids before anyone else.

if you were 6 inches tall, you wouldn't have any financial problems whatsoever. (hear me out)

a cop wearing a "fuck the police" t-shirt at a party is just making a clever suggestion.

netflix needs a "i have 30 min before i'll fall asleep and i want to watch something funny" category.

children are dicks by default. that's why they get compliments when they behave themselves.

i had blood drawn this morning. later in the day i lost my virginity. my virgin blood still exists somewhere on earth, but it's not in me.

george r.r. martin is taking his time writing the final got books because he realized the only way to hurt fans more than killing off all their favorite

what if instead of buying plastic bottles for shampoo, conditioner and body wash, we had refillable containers and there were dispensers for each brand at

google maps should have a "road trip" feature that highlights points of interest along your planned route.

baby boomers were the generation of rebellion yet cant handle that their children dont want to live the way they did.

'how it's made' should do an episode about making an episode of 'how it's made'

we are going to feel pretty silly when it turns out north korea has been firing missiles at sea monsters this whole time.

computer labs should flicker its lights every now and then, to remind students to save their work.

giraffes must take forever to vomit 

if marijuana ever becomes fully legal, drug sniffing dogs will have to be retrained to ignore the smell.

according to the general media it seems like absolutely everyone has twitter, yet i don't know a single person who uses twitter.

the truman show must've been really awkward during his teen years. 

googling 'nice truck' will never be the same again. 

cars should have "sorry" lights you can activate when you do something stupid. 

someone who watched the ring probably did die seven days later. 

non-smokers get the time smokers get for cigarette breaks at the end of their lives

someone should throw a halloween party where everyone dresses like cops so if it ever gets busted, there would just be mass confusion.

there should be a defcon system for nsfw posts. 

in space jam, marvin the martian is the referee precisely because he's both a looney tune and a space alien.

it would suck to be in a car crash outside a halloween party; you'd show up bloody with your jaw hanging off and everyone would say "sick costume, dude!"

the amount of public bathroom stall graffiti has drastically declined since the widespread use of smartphones.

if you wear an invisibility cloak inside out, does the universe around you disappear?

when chumbawamba got knocked off the charts after their one hit they never got back up again.

if i have 2 choices and 1 of them is taken away, i have 0 choices. 

maybe people should start getting a three, five, or ten years term on their marriages, with an option to renew/terminate at the end of the term. they get

somewhere out there there's a couple who holds the record for the longest time spent trying to find one another in the grocery store.

abstinence-only sex ed is like a defensive driving course that says, "don't drive."

i could get 90



i wonder if alcohol has been responsible for more deaths or conceptions since its discovery.

never have i once clicked on a news article and thought, "man, i really hope a video starts playing automatically"

"strap-on" spelled backwards is "no parts". 

luke skywalker was an angry young male from the desert, who was indoctrinated by a religious fringe member, and joined a terror plot to blow up a major

i want to throw a party where everyone dresses in coveralls, wears big headlamps and smears soot on their faces. then someone will call the cops and

every single year, someone shows up an hour late for work when we set the clocks ahead an hour but i have never seen anyone show up an hour early to

if the blood of christ is wine and the average alcohol content of wine is 13.5

take the wheel. 

if i were in the mafia, i'd always use a remote starter for my car 

if i ever started doing porn, i wouldn't pick a traditional "porn name". i would name myself after the biggest bitch from my high school class, and set

if i start watching back to the future ii at 4:25:39 pm today, the time circuits in the movie and the actual time will line up exactly when they first

microsoft should make all previous versions of windows free, upon release of a new version, to show 100

came before. 

a lot of people are gilding victoria's comments after her dismissal, apparently unaware they are paying money to the company they are trying to

a deck of cards has 52 cards. house of cards has 13 episodes per season. in that notion, the series will end in the fourth season with 52 episodes

every time you drink water, you reset a timer that is counting down the seconds until you die of dehydration.

as a brit, i panic every year when i see happy mothers day posts in may 

espn should have a segment sponsored by digiorno about players that didn't deliver

app idea... hinder...tells you where tinder matches are happening so you can show up to cock block.

the most environmentally-friendly thing a person can do is not have children 

every material is bulletproof if you have enough of it. 

the universe is expanding. so for every minute we delay going to the stars, our descendants will spend years and years travelling through extra empty

the reason people got so angry about michael phelps doing weed is that it is harder to convince your kids that drugs are bad for you when one of the

the old adage "do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life" is an ominous truth for art majors.

when boy bands sing about wanting girls who don't know they're beautiful, it sounds like they're targeting girls with low self-esteem as easy pickings.

my dog has never offered to share her food but she still expects me to share my food every time.

when a girl walks in on a guy masturbating, he is the pervert. when a guy walks in on a woman masturbating, he's still the pervert.

people who try to stop you on the street to sell stuff are the real world equivalent of online pop-ups

there should be a sub called explainlikeimaphd where all the 'explanations' are in ridiculous amounts of academic jargon

this year's penn state graduating class will be pen15 

staring at your crush's green "online" indicator on facebook chat is what gatsby felt like

in 10 years hipsters will stop vaping and switch back to cigarettes because it's retro and ironic

i wonder if the average headphone cable is long enough for yao ming to put his ipod in his pocket.

reddit is actually controlled by a sub-group of redditors. the ones who actually peruse 'new' instead of 'hot' everytime. if this post made front

around 95



it's a tragedy that chris farley died before the rob ford scandals. 

the worst part of using uber, is that i will never get to be on cash cab 

anytime i see a dog with 3 legs i feel really bad but then i realize he looks at me with 2 legs and i probably give him inspiration

as a minimum-wage cashier, i've probably physically touched more money than our country's richest people

i wonder how many places i've already visited for the last time. 

instead of saying someone "lost" their battle with a disease, we should acknowledge that upon death they also killed the parasitic disease like some

if the guy that got beheaded at the start of skyrim had just let the priest give him his last rites, there's a really good chance he would have lived.

if the ancient egyptians used to worship cats and write on walls, then the internet made us the modern egyptians

spilling a beer is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon 

when i wake up at night both extremely thirsty and having to pee, i can't help but think that my body is allocating its resources poorly.

a group of squid should be called a squad 

pornos should have a timer at the bottom that tells how much is left of that angle.

hitler ruined a name, a mustache, a symbol for peace, and literally just raising your arm in the air.

i was born breech (legs first) so for a brief moment of my life i wore my mum as a hat....

we grew up being taught not to get in cars with strangers and now we hop into ubers like it's nothing.

when you buy a vinyl record, you get a free digital download of the album. so if you buy a hardcover book, you should get the e-book version for free.

everyone in my family has sucked on my mom's breasts 

for how popular reddit is, im suprised none of my friends have ever heard or used it.

cell phones should have an extra 'end call' button that sounds like a handset being slammed down into the telephone cradle so the person on the other end of

i always read the tl;dr, even after i read the whole submission. 

saying "i'm a vegetarian, but i eat chicken and fish" is like saying "i'm a virgin, but i have anal sex."

instead of .ca canadian websites should end with .eh 

i would really enjoy a star wars movie that goes back to the actual origins of the first jedi knights learning to harness the force.

in the uk, a "god hates fags" sign is actually good for your health. 

2020's new years party glasses will be ironic 

as a non-gamer i feel like there is a good 25

appreciate or understand 

getting birthday money is the real life equivalent of passing 'go' and collecting $200.

i will be thoroughly disappointed if the first human born on mars isn't named marvin.

instead of looking up into the sky,you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss,with only gravity holding you to the surface of the

every time i think of the black market, i actually imagine a market, with little stalls selling illegal things like nuclear weapons and organs.

meth cooks need to stop making meth, and start making that 750$ aids pill. 

it's not premarital sex if you never get married 

gym machines should have high scores 

browsing reddit is like a tv guide for what's coming up on the next few days on facebook

if you're on a really high floor in an office building and you see a spider, chances are it's hatched from a second or third generation of spiders that has

anything can be a boomerang if you throw it directly upwards 

whenever i kill a bug, i wonder how many zillions of years back we shared a common ancestor. aeons ago, a clutch of eggs hatched; some young wriggled this

for every "drug deal gone bad" you hear about on the news, thousands and thousands go swimmingly.

to aliens, earth must look like that desperate loser that keeps sending messages nobody responds to and cant take a hint.

copy and paste is arguably one of the greatest inventions in the history of the world.

i'm 19 and still can't remember the order of letters in the alphabet without starting from the beginning.

you never notice how many times a day you swallow until you have a sore throat.

you could destroy an entire family, simply by sending an anonymous letter saying "your suspicions are right. -a friend"

instead of looking up into the sky, you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you to the surface of the

thanks to the popularity of gifs, we are living in the golden age of silent films.

if vampires get aids from one of their victims, is that still considered an std or is it food poisoning?

if porn is bad for boys because it does not accurately reflect women, then romcoms are bad for women because they do not accurately reflect men.

ice skating is just walking in cursive. 

daredevil's super senses means he's constantly hearing and smelling every possible fart around him. in a city that densely populated he must live in a

when americans talk about the day they declared independence from great britain, the don't say the actual date the american way (july 4th), they say

if you believe in reincarnation then your tombstone should say "b.r.b" instead of "r.i.p".

adam and eve were the first people to agree to apple's terms and conditions without reading them. seriously, nobody reads them.

reddit needs a "seen it before" button 

if we gave the special forces of each country paintball guns, we would have a pretty cool olympic event on our hands.

teenagers aren't in a rebellious stage they just reached an age where they know that adults don't have a magic stopping power.

if you went back in time and killed hitler as a baby you would be known as the time traveler who went back in time to kill a baby.

all fish tanks are basically soups if you apply heat 

the creators of finding nemo missed the ultimate fish pun by saying 'the end' rather than 'fin'

if you live past 112, you get to be a teenager again. 

high school is like a free trial on education. once you've graduated, they say "now if you want to continue, pay $50,000"

it's somewhat normal to go home with a random one night stand, but it'd be weird to hold their hand while walking to another bar. hand holding is now

the game "fuck, marry, kill" could also be called "fork, spoon, knife". 

scooby doo is basically a show that teaches kids that the villains in our lives are usually not strangers, but rather people we know and trust.

imagine if people put as much emphasis, desirability and effort into mental health as they did physical health. gym selfies would look like "just worked

as a canadian, america feels like an older brother that i continue to care about but he keeps on making questionable life choices and there's nothing i

unless you're a celebrity, twitter is like talking to yourself in a crowded room.

i wonder if i've ever been bitten by a mosquito that is descended from one that i failed to kill previously.

facebook should have a 'degrees of seperation' button on non-friends pages. 

as a teenager, when i said "i don't have the money" it's because i literally couldn't cover it out of my checking account. as an adult, it means i can't

spilling a beer is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon as a child. 

a baby chicken is a chick. an adult chicken is a hen. chick-hen 

the first person who copied someone was in fact very original. 

"last man standing" refers to the ultimate winner in most contests but the runner-up in musical chairs.

if the television show "how it's made" ever ends, the last episode should be "how 'how it's made' is made."

watching horror movies during valentines day won't make you feel like you're alone anymore.

waldo has been traveling all over the world for years and never chosen a place to call home. maybe the person trying the hardest to find waldo is himself.

what if traffic is just a buffering system that the matrix uses to load our surroundings.

when i was in elementary school and going through the dare program, i was positive a gang of older kids was going to corner me and force me to smoke

when i was 16, i waited 2 weeks to say i love you and 6 months to have sex. now that i'm 31, i wait 2 weeks to have sex and 6 months to say i love

if you did something "like a boss," you'd probably just pay someone else to do it.

packs of gum should have 1 stick of a different flavor so you can try different kinds without having to commit to a whole new pack

the united states should get rid of columbus day and create a holiday for federal election day.

i wonder how many times in my life i have thought "i'll always remember this," that i have now completely forgotten about

in 5 years, we'll be closer to 2070 than we are to 1970. 

they should make a canadian gta so you don't have to pay the hospital every time you die

a group of starfish should be called a galaxy 

how is "selfie stick" not yet a slang term for a dildo? 

if budweiser was as good at making beer as they were at making commercials, they wouldn't need commercials

some alien could be looking at earth right now through a telescope from a planet light years away and is just admiring how great the dinosaurs look.

if london gets an nfl team they should be called the redcoats and they have to play the patriots once a year.

when you blow out your candles on your birthday, wish to die this year. tell someone what you wished for. repeat. become immortal.

www is a crappy acronym. it takes 3 syllables and makes it 9 

i've stolen pens from the bank. technically i've robbed a bank. 

in a world full of "devices" &amp; heads down, ferris bueller's quote "life moves pretty fast. if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you

13.7 billion years of evolution through galaxies, stars, solar systems, planets and life has ultimately resulted in me masturbating in the shower

if amazon starts delivering our groceries with drones, it will be the grown up version of our parents making helicopter noises and putting food in our

i trust snapple facts more than cnn and fox news. 

the only reason celebrities always say people should "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage who were actually successful.

if cable companies can say "up to 20mb/s" , i should be able to to pay them "up to $39.99".

i wonder if i've bought the clothes i'm going to die in yet 

i bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is.

there should be paparazzi that follow the staff of tmz around and expose their lives to the public.

newly married women who hyphenate their name due to feminist ideals are ensuring that they are named after two men, their husband and their father.

the people i hear complaining about how millenials get trophies just for participating are members of the generation that demanded their kids get

if you have 1 threesome, your average partner per session will always be more than 1.

all marijuana is medical marijuana if you believe that laughter is the best medicine.

i will be the last person to die in my lifetime 

not once in my entire life have i seen a handicapped person go in or out of a handicapped stall in a bathroom.

sometimes i think i mistyped my password but my computer knows who i am and let's it slide.

jim carrey is the reason i never forget how to spell the word "beautiful" 

i just realized i’ve survived everything i’ve ever encountered in life. i have a 100



the fact that "suck my dick" is considered and used as a profanity when "eat my pussy" is not goes to show the importance of supply and demand

kids who are eight years old, only know of a black president. soon, for the first time in their lives, will be alive to witness their first white

there is no bigger failure of purpose than eyelashes falling into your eye. 

we should all take a moment and thank god that spiders aren't pack animals 

nothing is ever on fire. fire is on things. 

a lot of gay guys/girls who don't want to marry their current so just got put in an awkward position

we named the other planets in our solar system after gods but named our own planet "dirt"

now that zuckerberg has pledged $45,000,000,000 to charities, our facebook 'likes' may end up, after all, having actually cured cancer.

all the popular baby names you hate while pregnant will be the names of your child's friends and classmates.

removing a headphone jack causes more uproar than a phone that literally explodes

my balls must think i have a bunch of kids by now. 

most men learn to masturbate before they have sex, so most men learn how to pleasure a man before they pleasure a woman.

there should be an organization that helps hoarders get rid of their things and donate it all to developing countries, called hoarders without boarders

we are now so desensitized to terrorism that the brussels attack is off the front page in less than 10 hours.

i wonder how many times i've seen the same bird without realizing it. 

the last day of the olympics should be all the gold medalists playing dodgeball until we have an ultimate champion.

nothing is worse than the people who say, "i wish they taught us meaningful things in high school like taxes or saving for retirement" really? you think

will smith's son, jaden smith, should star in a reverse fresh prince of bel-air, where he moves from a rich california neighborhood to an impoverished

one advantage of being a woman is no one can surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom.

in the past, with cameras, we could believe anything we saw in a picture. in the present, with photo editing software, we can only believe what we see with

every time you agree to date someone, statistically they then become the person most likely to kill you.

the names "chad" and "molly" are super white, but the countries chad and mali are super black.

in the lego universe, all doctors are plastic surgeons. 

hyperlinks go from blue to purple when you click them because then you've "red" them.

when a toilet seat is cold it's horrible but when it's warm it's worse 

i have successively pooped, going 500 mphs, in a chair, in the sky. 

there are 30,000 traffic fatalities every year in the united states and few people think twice about driving, but when just one happens in an automated

if a french person says the word "happiness", it sounds like they're saying "a penis". but the french word for "happiness" is "bonheur" so if an english

a good way to know if someone is attracted to you is to realize it years later in a wave of flashbacks and regret.

in the year 3000, when cars are still on the ground, nobody's living on mars, and cell phones are still outside of our bodies, some digital archeologist is

i'm 27 years old and blink 182's "take off your pants and jacket" album pun finally landed with me.

i wonder how many times 'it's not rocket science' has been used as a joke at nasa.

pizza delivery cars should operate like ice cream trucks and have spare pizzas you can purchase on the spot

the file extension for a 3d printable object should be .irl 

slow internet is a lot more annoying than no internet. 

technically speaking, the fattest person in the world is also the most 'attractive'.

if mary had baby jesus, and jesus is the lamb of god.... then mary really did have a little lamb

having to watch an ad doesn't make me want to buy a product, it just makes me hate the product/company

if we ever end up settling on a planet with low gravity, boobs will stay perkier much longer

there should be a "nsfw only" setting that filters out all posts that aren't labeled "nsfw" so i can see everything i missed for the day without having to

i've never heard/used the word "ulterior" outside of the phrase "ulterior motives."

if arms manufacturers started using pig leather for gun grips, isis wouldn't be able to use them

being a young adult in this generation sort of feels like stumbling upon the desolate remnants of a really great party that was absolutely kicking it for

for clint eastwood's birthday, google should change "i'm feeling lucky" to "do you feel lucky, punk?"

i really wish there was a better way to meet your favourite celebrity other than having cancer.

pornhub should make a nsfw version of mythbusters that tests sex related stories and old wive's tales.

luke skywalker turning his targeting computer off and destroying the death star was an early example of "no scoping".

canadians are so polite because they fill their geese with hatred, spite, and malice.

if i had a twin who was five minutes younger than me, i'd always tell him "when i was your age" and proceed to tell him what i did five minutes ago.

most of the problems in my life are due to two reasons: i act without thinking, or i think without acting.

suitcases are terrible for carrying suits. 

if alien life is ever discovered, 'aliens don't exist' will become the new popular conspiracy theory

if you were really serious about punishing stores that open on thanksgiving, you'd buy a bunch of stuff the prior week, then return it all on thanksgiving,

every time i see a woman with a newborn child, i realize she's been laid more recently than i have.

the fact that we know chameleons even exist just proves they are failures. 

if you spell 'socks' out loud, you are saying 'that's what it is' in spanish. (eso si que es)

we should put valve in charge of the military, to ensure world war 3 never happens.

i wish spotify had a 'never play this song again' option. 

as i get older, milf porn becomes less gross and teen porn becomes more gross. 

i just realized that my son's first birthday party will also be his first surprise party since there's no way he's expecting it.

i would watch the shit out of a tv show where some short tempered person tried to put together ikea furniture.

i only just now realize in my life that uncle sam stands for u.s. 

the moment i fasten the seatbelt, i begin wearing the car 

i'm really excited to get old because living in a nursing home in 50 years is going to be one huge lan party

the "incognito tab" should look less suspicious. 

if your iq is low, people will look down on you. if your iq is really low, you get special treatment and people go out of their way to do nice things for you

my dick has never touched a ceiling 

i wish that chris farley had lived long enough to impersonate rob ford on snl 

if you had $999,999,999, you'd be the world's richest millionaire, but if you had one more dollar, you'd be the world's poorest billionaire.

anytime someone uses the phrase the "war on _______," they are almost certainly referring to something that's not an actual war.

if an adult had told me as a child that they secretly don't have a clue what they're doing, growing up would have been a lot less of a shock.

smoke breaks at work are fine, but masturbation breaks at work will get you fired. which one's bad for your health again?

there should be a website where you enter a location and it gives you a list of dinosaurs that lived there.

google should let you know and congratulate you whenever you enter something into the search engine that's never been searched before.

schrodinger's song is the first few minutes before you know if the song is "under pressure" or "ice ice baby".

fireplace is probably the laziest name for any object ever. 

it's more socially acceptable to be a man who loves another man than a man who loves nickleback.

according to most ghost photos, our clothes must have a soul too, otherwise all ghosts would be photographed naked.

amazon should have a take a penny leave a penny system where you can get rid of your unwanted 13 cents left on a gift card and somebody can use up to a

when there's an ad on a youtube video i instantly hate whatever the ad is trying to sell.

game reviewers should start their reviews with how many hours they played that game

the names earth porn and food porn borrow from the wrong end of the word "pornography"

when i was young i wanted a fireman's pole in my house. i still do but now i have twice as many intended uses for it.

i can transfer data from my brain to someone else's by opening my mouth and pushing air in their direction.

crazy people are going to blame the next american natural disaster on god's punishment for marriage equality.

who named it karma and not kreddit 

the words in the phrase "right turn only" can be arranged in any way and still make sense.

'baby wipes' is still an accurate name even when you use them to clean up after sex.

tomorrow's date will be 2^2/2^3/2^4. 

manslaughter sounds way worse than murder. 

the only reason why we think things were built to last back in the day is because the poorly built things from back in the day don't exist anymore.

if my cat licks its own ass, i doubt it gives a fuck what flavor of cat food i buy.

you all have much more interesting showers than i do. 

being born in 1994, there was never a span in my life in which it would have been creepy for me to be attracted to emma watson

kids born in the year 2000 will never have to worry about forgetting how old they are.

the first teacher ever never went to school. 

i bet i'd make a fortune if i opened a kiosk in the mall that sews real pockets into women's pants

i wonder where all the strands of hair i've lost are in the world, and what place is farthest away from me right now?

django unchained is about a dentist fighting candy 

if i owned a fast food restaurant i would have a extra button for the teller to push if the person said "please" or was kind. that way the cooks could know

if i asked my parents to buy me a nice suit today, there's no chance they'd do it. but if i died today, they'd buy me a really nice suit tomorrow.

mark hamill was destined to voice the joker because arkham is part of his name.

when someone goes on a rant and writes "u" or "ur" they immediately lose all credibility.

some atoms have gone 13.8 billion years only to learn that their purpose in this universe is to be manufactured into a dildo to be shoved up someone's

if you know sign language, binoculars can give you super hearing. 

if humans could fly, we'd consider it exercise and never do it. 

i am so happy i live in a world with facebook. before that, it would have taken weeks, even months, before finding out someone was an idiot.

what if wishing upon a shooting star actually worked, but some jerk long ago wished that all future wishes wouldn't come true?

does having a pokéstop within swiping distance of my living room increase my house's value?

if i played video games for 7 hours straight, people would think i'm a loser with too much time on my hands. if i watched netflix for 7 hours straight,

due to inflation, future viewers of *pulp fiction* will think a 5 dollar milkshake is a cheap milkshake.

"you're on your own" must sound exotic to people who don't speak english. "yuron yurōn? is that the name of your holy city?"

driver's ed should include a section where you're pulled over and learn how to handle interacting with a cop.

i have probably said the word "fuck" more times than my own name 

all tests should be open book. it's not like your future boss is going to say, "i need those tax returns finished by noon, but don't look at any of the

the reason squidward is so bad at the clarinet is probably because they are underwater..

my son just turned two. something that once traveled through my penis now knows how to use crayons.

if you could literally be bored to death, i bet the world would be a lot more interesting

human mouths always had the ability to beat-box. someone a thousand years ago could have dropped the sickest beats of all time.

i bet the top 1

50



if an actor i admire turns out to be completely detestable irl, i should actually be even more impressed with his acting skills.

disney land is the greatest human trap a mouse has ever made. 

i wish my car had a second horn that was just a little friendly noise to let the car in front of me know the light is green.

telling teenage boys that marijuana kills sperm is the single least effective anti-marijuana statement one could make.

ben and jerry's should make an ice cream with chocolate dinosaur bones that you can dig up with your spoon

if jj abrams doesn't do a good job with episode vii, star wars fans will probably call him jar jar abrams

alcohol should be served in capri-sun styled pouches; when you can't get the straw through the hole anymore, you've had enough.

they should put dog toys in the bottom of bags of dog food. 

whoever decided beards are unprofessional probably couldn't grow one 

it occurred to me as i watched deadpool last night, that deadpool should teach a brief sex education lesson in the beginning of deadpool 2 to punish crappy

watching the first episode of firefly and deciding to binge-watch the rest is like getting into a relationship with someone you know will die in 24 hours.

pretty much all religious paintings are fanart of the holy text 

social media is like alcohol: some people use it safely to aid their social life, others have way too much and end up saying a lot of stupid things.

a group of gay people should be called "a pride". 

if russia is "the motherland" and germany is "the fatherland", does that make poland the abused child?

if you replaced the gum in most gum commercials with a tab of acid, the commercial would still make sense.

our sun is part of someone else's constellation. 

due to full body armour and so many castles, the medieval era would have been the best time to survive a zombie outbreak

peter dinklage is literally a white dwarf star. 

the first human to set foot on mars is currently a freshman in high school who has no idea of their future place in history.

there should be an eli65 to help seniors around here who want to get caught up on things in the world.

kids in the movies are always upset when their parents don't make it to their recitals. as a kid i never wanted my parents to show up anywhere.

mitch hedberg would have been the king of twitter 

this is likely the first world conflict where refugees look forward to boarding german trains.

the "try again" button has never fixed any error i've had on a computer 

we need an alien invasion to unite people. 

xbox allows 11 year old to call me fucker and talk about raping my mom, but me choosing the user name catfish_tits is to vulgar and crossing the line.

there should be a superhero called placebo-man. he doesn't actually have any superpowers at all, he's just a normal guy that everyone thinks is a

the u.s. should have 53 states because it's a prime number and can't be divided. then we would truly be one nation, indivisible.

ironing boards are just surf boards that stopped pursuing their dreams and got a real job instead.

if everyone on earth died simultaneously, the internet would be comprised entirely of bots posting, liking and upvoting each other.

fast food restaurants should make drinks that you purchase at the drive-thru cheaper because you can't get refills.

if alcohol was sold in pill form as an illegal street drug.. it would be scary for a non-user to hear about how it effects you

adam &amp; eve had no concept of "good and evil". so, them in the garden of eden is like 2 mentally disabled kids locked in a room alone everyday. filled

if you tell someone "i'm hung over." via walkie talky it just sounds like you are bragging about your dick.

being an introvert, i've had more thoughts about how i would have a conversation than actually having a conversation

we stopped using "brb" because we don't leave our devices anymore. 

cops pulling you over for speeding is like the adult version of teachers telling you not to run in the hallways.

there is a dog out there that understands more chinese than me. 

drinking 8 glasses of water each day seems to be a monumental task; yet drinking 8 beers and several shots in a few hours goes down like a fat kid on

what if porn ads aren't lies and all these years i've been missing out on a huge weiner and local hotties in my area?

we should start keeping giraffes a secret from young children. imagine discovering giraffes exist when you were like 15. "woah! check out that long

it's nice being african american because i can be first without actually being first. i won't have to risk my life to be a "first" on mars because a white

never in my life have i had an ad on youtube buffer 

bags of pet food should come with a toy inside. 

christian bale has played two wealthy people who represented the best and the worst, and their names were only 1 letter different: batman and bateman.

someday a child will run to her parents and say "mommy, daddy, how did you meet?" they will turn to each other, hold hands, gaze into each others eyes

cracking my knuckles is an ability that has a cool down time 

reddit should come up with some outrageous and totally fabricated story, get it on the front page for a while, and then watch as other sites and news

reddit is the only place where people trust the historical knowledge of someone who calls themselves something like i_drink_diarrhea or crispy_sock

we eat pizza from the inside out 

"14 years old and still beautiful as ever" is an acceptable title on /r/aww, but not on /r/gonewild.

virginity is the one thing in the world where people actively seek someone with zero experience as if that would somehow make them more qualified for the

most of the men and women in a gym are working toward the same goal, the perfect female body.

if there's a "heavens no" and a 'hell yea" why isn't there a "purgatory perhaps"

the milky way galaxy may be the only galaxy with actual milk in it. 

in the song "99 problems", the police officer says "well we'll see how smart you are when the k9 come". if this dog is a female, one of jay-z's problem is

if you die a virgin, you're the first person in your direct ancestral lineage to die a virgin.

it's officially that annoying time of year where it's sweater weather in the morning but by mid-day you die of heatstroke.

i have been using adblock for so long that i forgot youtube even has ads. 

new york is the most successful sequel ever 

the word "nun" is just the letter "n" doing a cartwheel 

if you draw -2 -2 + = on your clothes or some paper or whatever with your finger it sounds like chim chiminey.

if an alien came up to me one day and said "take me to your leader", i would have no idea how to accomplish that.

"quit your job and follow your dreams" only works because 99

do it. 

we say hair when referring to lots of it but we say hairs when referring to a few.

99

gif i hit the back button repeatedly. 

kim jong-un must look really strange to the people of north korea since he is the only overweight person in the entire country

the simpsons' comic book guy was a stereotypical neckbeard before there was a stereotype about neckbeards.

i want to see a show like drunk history, but high science. neil degrasse tyson and bill nye smoking a blunt just going on and on about space.

we pay for criminals not to be a part of society while college students go into debt trying to become productive members of society.

the reason we are afraid of aliens abducting and harvesting humans for resources, is because that's how humans have treated anything new they have

saying there are no aliens is like scooping a tea cup into the ocean and saying [there are] no fish

i am almost 100



there should be a website/subreddit where people can post a picture of themselves and bisexuals can show them a picture of someone of the opposite

plastic bags are the city version of tumbleweed. 

good and evil are both only one letter away from god and the devil. 

if a tattoo artist pays a stripper back with tattoos, would that be the only truely tit-for-tat relationship?

shakespeare would likely have enjoyed rap 

i carry my phone with me to the bathroom to browse reddit literally for "shits and giggles".

dating is putting on fancy clothes so hopefully you can take them off later. 

every so often i say "computer, end simulation" out loud. just in case. 

a second-born twin could technically be the older of two if the first is born before, and the second is born after the end of daylight savings time.

if i die when i'm 30, that means my mid-life crisis was probably the time my brother erased my saved game in the legend of zelda: majora's mask.

apparently there is a bipartisan push in the senate to legalize marijuana for arthritis treatment. so in other words, there's joint support for joint

we should have a cyborg olympics where any drugs, limb replacements and bodily augmentations are totally permitted.

50



one extra day every four years and of course it's a monday 

none of my posts will ever make it to the front page because i don't like lying and all of my truths are uninteresting

steve carell should host the emmy's one year as michael scott hosting the dundies

as a pink floyd fan, nothing angers me quite as much as seeing a vegetarian eating pudding.

when a woman says "we are trying for a baby," she is announcing that her husband is cumming in her every night.

american football is like a turn-based strategy game while soccer is like an real-time strategy game

when you call a girl a bitch, its usually when she is acting dominant or assertive, but when you call a guy a bitch, its because hes being a huge pussy

as a bad speller, my goal is usually just to be close enough that the correct spelling appears in the suggestions.

saying "i have also done x, but you don't see me bragging about it", is bragging about not bragging about something.

people are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs

jergens brand lotion should market to teenage boys with the slogan "are you jergen it?"

instead of the stupid motion sensors on toilets, have them set to flush as soon as you unlock the stall door

the words"on" and "off" look identical if you only see the bottom half. 

some car company needs to invent a "polite honk" where you're not trying to be a dick but you got a green light there buddy.

facebook is like reddit's friend from school that steals all their jokes and gets a bigger laugh even though they told them wrong.

the first guy who ever heard a parrot speak must have freaked. 

a proper fork in the road would have three or four options. 

til is basically askreddit for someone who used google instead of askingreddit.

when divorce is done right a child goes from one unhappy home to two happy homes.

the fact that there is a highway to hell and only a stairway to heaven says a lot about the traffic trends.

the word ok looks like a sideways person. i've said ok my whole life and never noticed him.

the "mac" in mac and cheese is also an acronym for "mac and cheese" 

i've been practicing eating my entire life and i'm still not good enough at it to not use a napkin.

i think that if instead of our taxes being deducted from our paychecks we received a detailed invoice of services provided and a big bill at the end of

on youtube, the video should be fixed at the top, so you could browse comments/recommendations while watching.

shouldn't billboards be illegal since they distract you from the road? 

if a rapper raps about how much money he has i just download his music for free.

the only reason i look into other people's cars is to confirm the stereotype of their driving.

feeling numb is an oxymoron 

i read in a til that "huh?" was the only universal word. that means the only word everyone can understand is a sign of misunderstanding.

there should be a subreddit where you describe your facial characteristics and sketch artists draw what they think you look like, then you post your picture

if germany is the fatherland and russia is the mother land does that make wwii domestic violence?

if there was a "female only" version of reddit, the percentage of guys on it would be higher than normal reddit

a better way to fuck with north korea would be to take down the censors and open the internet.

because of blinking, i've never seen the entirety of any film. 

whenever i hear my own voice in a recording, it just makes me want to apologize to everyone that i've ever spoken to.

according to the human brain, the human brain is the most advanced thing in the world

whether you type "111111" or "123456", you will most likely think the same numbers while entering it.

i hope leonardo dicaprio wins an oscar, because i am tired of hearing about leonardo dicaprio not winning an oscar.

being healthy only means you are dying as slow as possible 

youtube should make it so that people can't leave a comment until they have played through the entire video at least once.

a girl saying "i want to have a baby" is ironically the best form of birth control for me.

every bullet that's been fired has missed me. 

why is it people often ask, "where will i go when i die," but rarely ask, "where was i before i was born"?

we call our upper-arms our "guns" and our guns arms. 

being pregnant is like saving up 9 months worth of periods for one massive cramp filled and bloody mega period that ends with a baby.

do regular dogs see police dogs and think: "oh shit, it's a cop" 

the kool-aid man sure is lucky he never takes down any load-bearing walls when he bursts through people's homes

if the goverment is hiding the knowledge of aliens from us, they must be doing a much better job of it than they seem to do at anything else.

maybe "mate" is short for "inmate" and that's why australians call each other that.

"drunk me" is like a separate person who did me some favors in high school and now tries to mess with my life any chance he gets

maybe sean connery pronounces "s" like "sh" because that's how it's said in his name.

apple's iphone is the reason i didn't feel the need to carry around a watch anymore. now they want me to buy a watch.

someone should get fired for deciding to release independence day 2 on june 24.

nicholas cage is schrödinger's actor. both good and bad until we watch the film.

"mommy watch this" is my 5 year-old's version of my "hold my beer". 

if a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should i trust a toothbrush and toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend?

chrome should have a feature that allows you to mute a tab by clicking the speaker icon it displays

doctor who, a tv show, is older than singapore, a developed first world country.

i wish my car had two horns. one for "thank you" and one for "i hate you" 

“i’ll be speaking with my lawyer” is the adult version of saying “im telling mom”

10 years ago i used to joke about how in the heck fidel castro is still alive. fidel castro is still alive.

if you were born 1 year earlier/later, you would have had a completely different set of friends at school and as a result would probably have become

imagine if everybody knew sign language. having a second universal language that didn't require noise would revolutionize society and how efficiently we

i wonder if centaur babies suckle from the horse-part nipples or the human-part nipples.

what if ai built to defeat the turing test fails on purpose so we don't know how smart it really is?

like pre-school, we should have post-school. a half year of school for learning day to day skills for life as an adult.

what if the wires going to the two ear buds were different colors so it was easier to untangle

german shepherd is also a type of human. 

once you find out about reddit, every other time-wasting website seems like it's only there for the people who don't know about reddit yet

420 is like taco bells black friday 

i would never have believed that i would see a new star wars and a new harry potter before the next george rr martin book

if one drop of semen contains more life than one drop of blood, then why don't vampires suck cock?

there's a little under 500 billionaires on this planet and not a single one of those losers has decided to become batman.

i haven't been on reddit nearly as much in the past week because i haven't been at work.

we use sex to sell anything and everything. but buying or selling actual sex is illegal.

if we truly are characters in a video game being played by an advanced civilization, the one controlling me is a noob.

as a woman hanging out on reddit, i get to read the kind of conversations that men had only in pubs and locker rooms outside of female company fifty years

lorde has made millions off a song about how she will never be a millionaire. 

public toilets should be able to measure the weight of people's shits and display the results in a leader board.

if time ran backwards, snowmen would slowly and painstakingly emerge only to be suddenly and violently obliterated by laughing children.

all the trump haters seem to disregard the fact that we'd probably get some pretty sweet new punk bands out of his presidency.

it must be unnerving going back to sleep for the first time after waking up from a long coma.

we say “hair” when referring to lots of it, but we say “hairs” when referring to a few.

if my dr said i have only 8 hours to live, i'd spend them at the macy's makeup counter with my wife because i'd run out of things to idly look at after two

the first person to say the word cool must have been really cool because everyone started saying it.

life begins as a whole bunch of firsts, and slowly, without our knowledge, becomes a whole bunch of lasts

my dad bought me a jacket when i was 12 that was way to big. recently found it buried it the closet and it now fits perfectly. my dad essentially bought me

if you correct someone's grammar, you understood them clearly enough that you didn't need to correct them.

for almost 32 years now, one of michael phelps' father's sperm has been doing nothing but swimming and winning.

trucknuts never have a penis on them because the dick is driving the truck 

a snowman is technically a body of water 

handcuffing a deaf person who uses sign language to communicate is like gagging them

the people who say "don't drink milk, it wasn't designed for humans!" are the exact same people who will tell people not to eat gmo's, which is food

why don't villains spray paint all the bomb wires black. 

in the scooby doo universe, every single mystery the gang ever encountered always had a logical explanation. in fact, the only unexplainable phenomenon

adulthood is when you stop trying to find your car's max speed and start trying to find its max fuel efficiency.

anyone could die at any point because of any reason so there has probably been some point in your life where a simple decision has saved your life.

kids are basically sex trophies 

being new to reddit kinda feels like going to a party where everyone knows each other, and you're just standing outside the circle waiting to say

trying to lose a game of rock-paper-scissors is just as hard as trying to win. 

the same people who said, go to college, take on $60k in loans, get a degree, so you don't have to flip burgers. are the same people who are getting upset

adulthood is 50



for this shit". 

i wish everything was as easy as getting fat 

as a kid, i thought america seemed ancient and eternal. now i realize that america is only 238 years old and could collapse at any time just like the

telling someone with depression to cheer up is like telling someone with acne to wash their face

cinderella must have a hard time shopping for shoes if literally no one else in the kingdom had her size

what if instead of playing dodgeball or climbing ropes, gym class focused on proper body mechanics like good posture, running properly, squating correctly

if phone companies stopped trying to make phones thinner we might get reasonable battery life.

youtube should have a "don't ever recommend shit like this to me again" button.

now we get to call a $20 bill a "tubby" 

one day a carton of milk will have the same expiration date i do... 

i was joking about inventing button-up tank tops for formal occasions. then i realized, they're called vests.

we should merge /r/feminism and /r/mensrights since both claim they want equality.

bunkbeds are essentially shelves for people 

"it isn't" and "it's not" are the same three words, just contractionalized differently.

there are more airplanes in the sea than submarines in the sky. 

talking to my mom is like going through an unskipable cutscene in a game i've played several times.

the 'c' in erect is a hard 'c' and the 'c' in flaccid is a soft 'c'. 

"be back in ____ minutes" signs are pretty damn useless unless you tell us when you leave

i don't post links on reddit because all the interesting things i find on the internet are on reddit.

netflix should have a "create-a-channel" where you can choose all kinds of shows/episodes that play randomly

netflix needs to create a 'leaving soon' queue so that users can watch a film/tv show before it's too late.

viagra is like caps lock for your dick. 

if a redditor mentions they have a girlfriend, nobody believes it. if they mention having a wife, nobody questions it.

just once instead of "follow your dreams" i want to hear a celebrity say "blow the right guy"

we should have 13 months in a year instead of 12 

'mum jokes' are jokes about your mum but 'dad jokes' are jokes told by your dad.

my fingers are very slowly 3d printing my fingernails. 

i'm french, live in paris, and i've never seen a mime. 

i have yet to meet a gay couple named adam and steve 

videos of people driving and snapchatting should be enough evidence to suspend or revoke licenses.

if a dog were chasing a parrot, and the parrot happened to repeat the word "sit," the dog might obey it as a command and neither animal would know what

george rr martin dying before he can complete his series would be meta as fuck and help highlight his themes about death and reality.

i can't tell if i'm becoming more attractive or if i'm just getting used to how ugly i am.

i assume everyone on reddit is a dude about my age unless they state otherwise.

everyone actually has 3 voices, the one in your head, the one you hear when you talk and the one that everyone else hears instead.

it is difficult to win an argument with an intelligent person, but it is impossible to win an argument with a very stupid person.

reddit is cable tv now. there isn't anything good on but i still flip through constantly hoping for something decently entertaining.

what if some people used to be able to suck their own dicks, but natural selection removed that trait because those people never did anything else.

entering "99" on my microwave cooks my food for 39 seconds longer than when i enter "100"

you never really appreciate open nostrils until they are blocked 

the queen in chess is very emancipated for a game from the 6th century 

we live in a time when it's more socially acceptable for a child to be on amphetamines than it is for an adult to smoke pot.

the onion should publish a real article every year on april 1st. 

"trees don't grow on money" would be a good anti-deforrestation slogan 

when you have a fever, your body is basically saying "kill it with fire!" to a virus.

"get a load of this guy" would be a great name for a sperm bank 

when pulling up memento, netflix should always give you the option to "resume". think of all the people it would mess with.

superbowl xliv looks like the roman numeral version of eli5 

if you kill a killer, the number of killers in the world remains the same. 

when ever i think i'm going to get laid i ferociously clean my room. it's a win/win regardless of if i get laid or not

when ke$ha is in the eu does she go by k€sha? 

when we make contact with aliens, conspiracy theorists will make a 180 and say extraterrestrials don't exist.

together, the black keys and the white stripes could form a super band called the grand piano.

since windows has cortana and apple has siri, google should enter a deal with valve and change ok google to glados.

it seems insane to think that we live in a world where an egg timer app needs my location to figure out the boiling point of water at my latitude.

getting a life sentence in jail is like getting the death penalty but with the execution method being death by old age.

the olympics is one of the few times you ever see women on international television with absolutely no makeup on.

fat people are most likely to be selected when playing spin the bottle 

in the future people will wake up hung over, hundreds of miles from home, in their car with autopilot on.

"condoms are for pussies" is a great slogan for a condom company. 

what if ghosts say "boo" because they only haunt people they don't like, and all they do is "boo" them from the afterlife. so its not to scare you, its to

there are 8 billion people in this world, and someone has pooped the most. 

antarctica only has northern coasts 

teenage girls saying "i can't even" is the same as old ladies saying "well i never."

in star wars, a world war is just a minor conflict that is not of any real significance.

if reddit shut down for a month, sites like buzzfeed would have no idea what to do for content.

i hope i never go to jail because i haven't memorized a phone number since 2001.

in just a little over 4 years, "30 years ago" will mean the 90s. 

the reason "cheaters never win" is because the cheaters that did win didn't get caught.

the thing that annoys me the most on reddit is seeing other people getting onto the front page for things that i thought were obvious/boring

if you don't speak english, "edited it" sounds ridiculous. 

i only charge my phone when i sleep. my phone's battery level reflects my own battery level.

half of blink182 would be wink91 

when i drive with my left hand, the lives of the people in my car are held by something i can't even write my name with.

magneto could totally make wolverine give him a blowjob and there's nothing wolverine could do to stop it

ashley madison is about to become a dating website for divorced people. 

birth certificates are just receipts for human beings. 

if emma watson and prince harry are really dating, then their future child would be a half-blood prince

i only just realised bill from pokemon who invented the pc is a reference to bill gates.

saying you're a realist is an optimist's way of saying you're a pessimist 

me talking about "my brain" is my brain talking about itself in 3rd person. 

if i won a years supply of calendars, i would only win 1 calendar 

99



scooby-doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans. 

mosquitoes must have balls of steel. if i saw a giant thousands of times bigger than me, i'd be hastily running in the opposite direction, not

on the bright side, selfie sticks are also lightning rods. 

if 0.001

you could have a new partner a day until you die 

a common human mating ritual involves killing plants and displaying their reproductive organs.

when i was a kid, people got really pissed if you read their diaries. these days, kids put their diaries on the internet and get pissed if you don't read

it's convenient that all the planets in the star wars story seem to have the same gravity.

if woman only got pregnant when they orgasm, teen pregnancy wouldn't be as much of a problem.

witches have black cats because if they had white cats they would have white cat hair all over their clothes.

if i'm lucky, my internal organs will never see the light of day. 

i've never met an unintelligent person who reads frequently 

if i know someone can take a joke/insult without being offended, then i don't mind if they insult me. but if it is someone who gets offended easily who

considering how big the universe is, there are probably space battles going on somewhere right now.

does medusa have pubes and if do, are they also snakes? 

only two days of your life are less than 24 hours long 

why was it called 'the cosby show' if bill cosby played a guy named cliff huxtable?

we will never know who the worlds greatest spy was. 

amazon should have a button that let's you donate enough to cover for the free shipping price so you don't have to order another item and you get to help

instead of asking for $3, wikipedia should ask for $3.50 and randomly redirect you to the loch ness monster page until you donate

most janitors either took the phrase "stay in school" too seriously or not seriously enough

humans would secretly communicate through captcha in case robots become self aware and try to take over the world

if the movie "yes man" was instead "yes woman" it probably would have just been a porno.

as a straight dude, i'm totally pumped to watch some gay divorce court. 

if life was an mmo people would criticize it for its awful balancing and how much mindless grinding you have to do.

cocktail has basically the same meaning as dickbutt. 

plague inc. is an example of how bad the olympics in rio could be. 

people who say "don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites 

if you wanted to find the ß symbol, searching google for "german ss" won't get you what you want.

when i first joined reddit i was excited to get replies, now when i get one i wonder 'who did i piss off this time?'

one day, my grandkids will think i'm weird for watching so many superhero movies in the same way i think my grandpa is weird for watching so many

the dwarves eat all of bilbo's food at the beginning of the hobbit so it doesn't spoil while he's gone.

ikea furniture should come with a qr code that links to a video on how to assemble the furniture

i wish the word "symmetry" was a palindrome 

if i had a nickel for every up vote i received, i'd still need my day job. 

my sex life is like 9/11: it happened a while ago, and it could happen again any day now, but men and women around the world are doing their best to

i wonder how many times a bird caller thought they were calling to a bird, but we're actually calling to another bird caller.

when you're a kid, dick jokes are considered adult content, but when you're an adult they're considered immature.

i've given out way more karma than i will ever receive... 

patrick lives "under a rock" and squidward lives "in his head" 

if the chargers and rams move into a stadium together, it should be sponsered by dodge...

how far back in history do you have to go before it's considered archaeology instead of grave robbing?

earphones should have an 'in ear' sensor so your phone can pause the music when you take them off and play it again when you put them on

there should be an anti-front page, where you can see the most downvoted posts of the day.

amazon has ruined my expectations on how quickly an item should be shipped and handled

my childhood punishments (going to bed early, not leaving the house, etc) have become goals as an adult.

when i buy drugs, i financially support my drug dealer's war against the police. when i pay taxes, i support the government's war on drugs and

overweight people who refuse to buy two tickets should have to sit next to other overweight people who refused as well.

most of the men and women at the gym are working toward the same goal, the perfect female body.

people were so superstitious about the number 13 that they would skip the 13th floor while building hotels, but not bakers, bakers fucking owned it

because i have to bribe my dog to take her medication she probably thinks peanut butter has healing properties.

if hillary gets elected president, she'll have to go to work everyday, for at least four years, in the very same office where her husband got blowjobs from

if you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it mouth trap, and that is also what it would be, and that is pleasing

it's been a full ten years since we properly appreciated how easily the handwritten numeral 5 can be changed to a 6.

i've never come across a better consistent source of information than wikipedia despite always being told how unreliable it is

cows born in india basically won the life lottery 

if a smoker got amnesia, would they remember they smoke and have the urge to smoke or unknowingly quit?

viagra is like caps lock for your dick. 

i love sleep because it's like a time machine to breakfast. 

the four most reassuring words any university student can hear are "i haven't started either"

humans require years of training to not shit themselves. 

my time at the university was like that moment in interstellar where they make a small mistake and lose 7 years of their lives

if you own a samurai sword you are either a highly skilled assassin or a huge nerd.

the only time you ever see a condom used in a sex scene in a film is if it's a comedy.

i am against monopolies in principal, but i still want netflix to have all the shows.

the cellphone has probably destroyed the alarm clock industry. 

in the future, "automatic" and "manual" will refer not to the car's transmission, but whether the car drives itself or not.

the only difference between "mostly sunny" and "partly cloudy" is my weatherman's outlook on life.

the fact that the machines took the time to create the matrix for us is pretty generous.

as a kid i could never get my hands on a fast food meal and as an adult i can never get my hands on a home cooked meal

reddit's audience is about 50/50 male to female, but whenever i read a post i automatically think it's a male who posted it.

i am so bad at capchas, i am starting to suspect i am not human. 

i wonder if the picture that will be used for my funeral has already been taken?

teach a man to fish he'll pay you once, sell a man a fish and he'll pay you for a lifetime

deleting a comment should only delete your name from the comment 

you can spell "life" within the letter "e" 

taking a picture of your food is like taking a "before" picture of your shit 

what if over time the developers of pokémon go slowly reduce pokémon spawn rates to zero, and the app turns out to be a publicity stunt to warn about the

people who said "even harper lee will release a sequel before george r. r. martin" were actually right.

"can i have your wifi password?" is the modern "can i use your home phone?" 

i'm a twin. one of us were unplanned. 

if homeward bound were filmed today, it'd probably be considered unacceptable for the animals' voices to be simple voice overs. the resulting dog-mouth cgi

the only reason you think items were made better in the past (e.g. "they don't make them like they used to") is because you don't see all the trashy cheap

sony honeydicked us into watching the interveiw 

reddit is the social media page for people who avoid social media. 

i want to believe that the sperm that became michael phelps out swam all of the other sperm by a mile.

it's easy to think my generation is special because we've seen so many huge changes, like the internet, cellphones, 9/11, etc., but just two generations

vampires are pretty well-groomed considering they did it all without a mirror. 

sasha grey's kid has to be really careful when browsing porn 

surgeons and snipers need steady hands for the exact opposite reason. 

at some point, reddit will be the next yahoo or aol, and only old people will use it.

teenage girls saying "i can't even" is basically the same as old ladies saying "well i never".

"passed" rotated 180 degrees is still "passed" 

if animated gifs are popular, doesn't that mean silent movies are back in style?

alcohol free and free alcohol are the polar opposites of fun. 

porn mags in the harry potter universe would be amazing. 

you can't see photons, but photons are the only thing you can see. 

my kids are better about turning off lights and closing doors in minecraft than irl.

the word "read" is like schrodinger's cat. it exists as both words until it is read by someone.

if facebook added an anonymous dislike button, there would be a lot less garbage on our newsfeeds.

people used to save the newspapers from the day their baby was born. by the time i have mine, i'll probably screenshot the front page of reddit.

since a straight line only needs two points, you and i are perfectly lined up right now.

as an adult, my penis is the closest thing i have to the little red devil that stood on shoulders and whispered terrible advice in to cartoon character's

cpr is the human version of blowing in a videogame cartridge and hoping it'll work again.

"sh*ts and giggles" is kind of cute, but "sharts and gargles" is an entirely different mental image.

the fact that nobody won the $900 million lottery last night pretty much rules out the possibility that mankind will discover time traveling technology.

the symbol for christianity is a torture instrument 

clifford the big red dog must have taken massive shits. 

if you already donate to the aspca, there should be a way you can opt out of watching those depressing animal commercials again

only attending church during christmas and easter is the religious equivalent of only watching sports during the playoffs.

people thinks it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects.

bruce willis needs to age a bit more so old habits die hard can be filmed. 

the greatest impact of self driving cars will be on pranks. your mate passes out in london after drinks, stick them in the car, shout "aberdeen" at the

twilight is a series of books where a teenage girl tries to make up her mind if bestiality is better than necrophilia.

family guy seems to be 90



dreams would be much more fun if they were multi-player servers that other sleeping people could join.

why would the guy who thought superman was a bird feel like he had to yell to everyone on the block about it

just as our bodies heat up to kill off a sickness, what if global warming is the earth heating up to kill off humanity?

the laugh track in "how i met your mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience.

i was too young to realize it, but cherry poppin' daddies is a pretty fucked up band name.

a male lunch lady is a lunch lord 

i used to think women wouldn't date me because they are shallow. now i realize they don't date me because i'm not interesting, funny, attractive, or have any

family guy is 90



chipotle doesn't use chipotle as an ingredient in anything on its menu 

i think eating a steak after a workout is the most savage thing ever. you're eating an animal's muscle to basically steal its strength.

on may 2, the anniversary of the first loch ness monster sighting, reddit gold should be $3.50.

anyone who feels the need to point out that they're 'weird' is probably boring.

in the harry potter world, why is there no magic spell to correct his vision? 

theaters should have headphone jacks in their seats so you can plug in earphones if someone is being loud and distracting.

if i ever get alzheimer's, at least i can rewatch all my favourite comedies and not see the jokes coming.

rap is all about poor people bragging about being rich, while country is rich people bragging about being poor.

maybe voldemort's face is flat because he ran into the wrong wall at the train station.

when a sorority girl wears an oversized shirt, they are wearing schrodinger's pants. the pants may be considered simultaneously there and not there.

how much fun it would be to own a lightsabre in a zombie apocalypse 

i've never had to change the lightbulb in a microwave. 

an option on netflix to watch the trailer of the movie would help out on deciding what to watch

if the events of the matrix took place in today's time, they'd be fucked trying to find a phone line for an exit.

i hate when people say 'tuna fish' sandwich. i don't say i'm having a 'chicken bird' or 'beef mammal' sandwich.

the women that "hover" over toilet seats are the reason women feel like they need to "hover" to begin with.

we never realize how many people we dislike until it comes to naming our child.

say what you will about plankton, but he could have created a computer wife who does his bidding and never disagrees. instead, he created a computer wife

nikola tesla is now best known for not being well known 

monkeys made it to space before we did without even trying. 

1980 is as far away as 2046. 

i hope jared fogle gets fat again in prison. 

fish who are caught and released are like the aquatic equivalent of people who claim to have been abducted by aliens.

teenagers have only ever known what it's like being a child, but are expected act like adults while being treated like a child.

when a british person says they have a bloody nose, it sounds like they're angry at the fact that they have a nose.

you could just post a picture of a random object and say it's cake and people would be super impressed.

the person you’re going to spend the rest of your life with is out there creating memories that you'll hear about when you eventually meet them.

the goo goo dolls need to tour with lady gaga and call it the goo goo gaga tour

whenever a teacher allowed students to make a cheat sheet for a test, they were conning us into actually studying

no matter how awful i feel, the sound of rain beating against my bedroom window calms my soul.

water (blue) + sun (yellow) = plants (green) 

if you log more than two hours a day on reddit, you should not be allowed to post to r/getmotivated

what if aliens visited earth, but they came when it was frozen solid 650 mil years ago and they wrote it off as a lifeless frozen rock.

blood is thicker than water but maple syrup is thicker than blood so technically pancakes are more important than family.

if jesus came back today, the most devout "christians" would probably be the ones to persecute him.

the word "nun" is just the letter "n" doing a cartwheel. 

i often sit down at my desk in front of my $1200 custom built pc and browse reddit on my iphone.

webmd is like a choose your own adventure book where the ending is always cancer

in light of the sony hackings, south park should make an episode where they just kill kim jong-un over and over again.

i love how stars are billions of miles apart and we're like "that's a soup ladle".

i'm surprised arnold schwarzenegger hasn't done any work with burger king. "get to da whoppa!" would make for a great ad.

a penis is essentially a hydraulic sperm cannon made out of meat 

a sheep spends her whole life fearing the wolves, and gets eaten in the end by the shepherd.

being able to scratch my balls as thoroughly and as often as i wanted (in public) would be a seriously underrated perk of telekinesis.

a pizza is circular, but everyone eats it from the inside out. everyone's first bite starts at the exact center of the pizza.

it is more widely socially acceptable to watch tv and do nothing than it is to play video games and control what you do.

i think ely5 would be vastly more entertaining, albeit less informative, than eli5

today my shampoo, conditioner, and body wash all ran out simultaneously. that'll probably never happen again as long as i live.

in 12 years or so... if reddit is still a thing, the kid that fell into harambe's enclosure might do an ama

i will only trust a napkin if it's in a stack 

today is the worst monday of the year for everyone, so far 

aliens living millions of light years away haven't invaded us yet in fear of dinosaurs that their telescopes show on earth.

pringles should have a twister at the bottom like deodorant to bring the chips closer to their destination.

i would pay good money to watch a version of the olympics where only people using performance enhancing drugs can compete. it would be awesome to see the

while searching on google, i find myself still clicking the "did you mean" link even after google has loaded the results i wanted

you never realize how much is stolen from reddit until you start going on reddit.

this is probably the first time in history where men are wanting to see a movie about a teddy bear, and women want to see a movie about strippers.

the nsa is the only part of our government that listens to us. 

my genitals have seen less direct sunlight than many deep sea creatures. 

as a married man, i don't randomly honk my wife's boobs nearly as often as 14 year old me thought i would.

i wish there were a website called frood that matches people who want a free meal with people who will pay because dinner alone is boring.

pac-man was trapped in a maze of pill addiction, trying to outrun his demons before his lifestyle caught up to him.

the fat acceptance movement is the only movement that can be defeated by actual movement.

"#1 dad/mom" presents would be a really bad idea if you had gay parents. 

for april fools' day, the hot or not app should remove the social media aspect and just show the user a bunch of pictures (an igloo, a campfire, etc) and

i wonder if alex trebek's tombstone will say 'who was the host of jeopardy?' 

the "world's oldest profession" can't be prostitution because the first man to use a prostitute had to have some kind of job to pay her.

when i was a kid i used to prioritize having a cool ringtone. now i just keep my phone on silent...

monopoly is only made by one company 

i can't think of a phrase with a more reverse impact than, "calm down". 

there should be a hat store called "all caps" where the employees all yell at you

reddit is a social network for people who hate social networks. 

the internet uses many terms relating to water. i can surf the web, stream a video, or wait until my computer freezes

is the "s" or "c" in scent silent? 

batman's parents got killed when he was lil wayne 

amputees with prosthetic legs can use the phrase "i stand corrected" literally.

i wonder how many people i've unknowingly interacted with in public that had a butt plug in their ass.

the star wars title crawls are still floating through space. 

when i'm at home, nsfw stands for not safe for wife 

i can send pictures of smiling poo, but i can't text in italics 

vampires only suck your blood for vitamin d because they can't go out in the sun themselves.

in the year 2021 the phrase "hindsight is 20/20" will be insufferably popular. 

how the fuck am i meant to stay with the same girl for the rest of my life when i can't even jack off over the same porn twice?

having "birthday sex" essentially means that you're having sex to celebrate your parents having had sex.

100 years ago, most people were skinny and the rich were fat. now the poor are fat and the rich are skinny.

in order to fall asleep, you have to pretend to be asleep. 

in 'how i met your mother,' ted represents how most guys see themselves. barney represents what most guys think they would most enjoy being

if 7 billion competed in a single elimination rock paper scissor tournament, the winner would have only won 33 times in a row.

i should call one digit away from my number and introduce myself to my phone neighbors

women can say "what a dick" as an insult or a compliment for men. 

they should put alarms on car keys that go off when your car alarm goes off. 

do i exist only because one of my ancestors was raped? 

birthday sex is like having celebratory sex because your parents had sex. 

if i had a dollar for every time i considered suicide, i'd want to live instead

samuel l jackson killed a bounty hunter named jango in star wars and got killed by a bounty hunter named django in django unchained

the jurassic park movies have ruined any possibility of there being a dinosaur theme park.

masturbating to pictures in the harry potter universe would be extremely uncomfortable for the people in the pictures.

swiper never actually steals anything of much importance, or keeps it for too long. he probably just had an awkward crush on dora and doesn't know how to

by killing spiders you see near you, you are allowing only the sneaky spiders to breed, creating an evolved species of super sneaky spiders that you won't

why on earth are cereal bags not ziploc yet? 

masturbating deaf men must be amongst the most paranoid person alive 

i have never liked, commented, or subscribed, just because a youtuber asked me to

when there's an earthquake, coffins become huge underground maracas. 

people are easily shelling out $550-$700 on an iphone, but think $1500 is too expensive for a computer.

in my entire life, i have never seen a female taxi driver. 

your dogs butt would be a good place to smuggle drugs past a drug dog 

the names daniel radcliffe and rupert grint sound more made-up than harry potter and ron weasley.

a laser tag arena would be an intense place for a cat. 

cannibalism would fix hunger problems and overpopulation at the same time 

i feel like a boss whenever i use an inside breast pocket on a jacket. 

all our pets might have stockholm syndrome. 

squidward is far too judgemental for someone who never wears pants. 

stephen hawking is 74... that's the best proof i need that exercise isn't necessary to living a long life.

middle aged adults say that young people are ruining english by texting, but all of my 18 to 27 year old friends use near perfect grammar. my mom, dad, and

if i bring a condom to a girl's house, i'm a presumptuous asshole. if i don't bring a condom to a girl's house, i'm an irresponsible jerk.

why the hell don't individual poptart packages tell you what flavor they are?! what anarchy this is.

people who buy $60 games are the beta-testers for those of us who buy $10 games.

when you're checking people out on facebook with your smartphone, it's like a human pokedex

'the walking dead' spin-off should have an all-black cast so you'd never know who would die next.

not hiring someone because they’ve been unemployed is like not dating someone because they’ve been single.

the best time to burn down your workplace is right after someone else gets fired.

candy corn is made from high fructose corn syrup. probably the most accurate use of corn syrup.

'slang' is a colloquial word for 'colloquial word'. 

the real heroes of reddit are those poor, brave souls who read the articles and then explain to us why the headline is bs or clickbait

is there an alternate universe that has a pawn shop channel that only airs shows about history?

anal seemed hot when i was in my teens/lower twenties. after a few months of living with my girlfriend, the smell of the bathroom in the morning after her

if i were a serial killer i would call myself the suspense so that the suspense would literally be killing people.

steve from blue's clues was a social recluse that stayed in his house all day talking to his condiments.

almost all good decisions i've made since adulthood have been preceded by the phrase, "fuck it".

i can go east or west forever, but if i go north i will eventually go south. 

why aren't there men's underwear that say "willy wonka" on the front, and "the chocolate factory" on the back?

if j.j. abrams screws up star wars, he will be referred to as jar-jar abrahams forever more.

the more i think about it, the more impressed i am with the amount of human trust it takes to use a glory hole. i'd be terrified that there's someone with

seeing as how both batman and ironman’s only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, bill gates and steve jobs sure turned out to be

as a college senior, i can't wait until my net worth is finally $0 

no drug dealer i have ever encountered has offered me a "first one's free to get you hooked" deal, like my school and parents told me would happen as a

there should be signs telling you when drug free school zones end so you know when it's ok to do drugs again.

"fuck" is great because only people who i'd want to offend would be offended by it.

what if humans are sperm's way of reproducing? 

coffee chains are socially acceptable drug dealers. 

just realized will and jada named their kids willow and jaden. 

what if kids loving their parents is a form of stockholm syndrome? 

"where are you?" has probably never been asked in sign language 

as a kid, i thought people used "grow up" to mean "be tough enough and brave enough to stand up to the world's bullshit", as an adult i realize people

i'd actually watch nascar if they raced basic, everyday cars, with all standard features. it'd be a good advertisement for the car companies too.

if you photoshop the basketball out of nba action shot photographs, it just looks like a bunch of people in uniforms trying to high five but can't quite

"?!" makes a sound in my head, but i can't describe what it is. 

nothing makes sense, pizzas are round, the boxes we put them in are square and we eat them as triangles

kim k has 64mil insta followers and gets approx 1mil likes per post. if you have 100 followers, and get 2 likes per post you're getting a higher

now taylor swift is the one wearing short skirts and high heels instead of t-shirts and sneakers.

i'm so internet lazy that when i see a link to youtube i'm like, "ugh, you couldn't have made this a gif?"

i'm mad at apple dumping the headphones jack not because i plan to buy an ip7 but because i'm afraid others will follow their stupid example

i want to live in a world where it's possible to listen to youtube and lock my phone

when someone else makes you laugh in your dream, your brain came up with that joke. of course you think it's funny.

the world looks at americans the way we look at texans. 

maybe the placebo effect isn't real and sugar pills are actually very good at treating a variety of conditions.

because of my cancer, any room i enter will then usually have an odd number of testicles present.

if elton john dies who the fuck are we going to get to sing at his funeral? 

building a computer is like putting together a really expensive lego set that you will eventually use to masturbate

if breaking bad took place entirely from hank's perspective, his discovery about who heisenberg really was would have been one of the best tv plot twists

the people living in the renaissance didn't know they were living in the renaissance. i wonder what period future historians will call present day.

peter parker made a living selling his selfies to the local newspaper. 

if you had enough money, you could buy out facebook and just delete it 

if i were to kill a spider in my reeses pieces, i would say, "rest in pieces, pest in reeses."

i'll bet that spider's just as pissed as i am that i walked through its web. 

all the months at the end of year are 'embers' it's like the year is burning itself out...

if i was a musician, i would let weird al parody my song under the stipulation that i be somewhere in the music video, dressed up as a parody of weird al

in the us, taxes are mandatory but voting isn't. people who pay taxes but don't vote are basically saying, "here, take my money. whoever is in charge

/r/machineporn will mean something completely different in 100 years. 

i wonder if any of my ancestors owned one of my dog's ancestors 

watching parkour experts playing tag would be awesome 

i wonder if i have ever eaten an egg from the same hen twice. 

if you were to rob a men's warehouse with a utility knife, it would be a razor blade blazer raid.

the trees cut down to make jenga blocks are repeatedly forced to relive their own death.

if you block me using an adblocker, i don't stop using the adblocker, i just leave your website.

a heart shape with initials cut into the tree bark means someone went on a date with a knife.

buzz aldrin's dad once shot a load that made its way to the moon. 

you never realize how cluttered your desk is until you spill a glass of water. 

my wife just went back to school which means i'm having sex with a college girl.

barack obama's ama should have been titled "obama" 

i correct autocorrect more than autocorrect corrects me. 

120,000,000 just sat down and watched a group of millionaires throw a ball around

movie theaters should hold 'adult only' showings of kid films so i, as a 24yo single male, can enjoy those movies in peace. i would love to see pixar movies

as a kid i was taught to stop, drop, and roll like getting caught on fire would be a frequent part of my life.

i just texted myself something to remember it later. i'm so lazy that i sent data to space, bounced it off a satellite, and got it back rather than picking

cars should have two horns: one is a "nice" one, the other is a "mean" one. 

having a bath is "downloading" water; having a shower is merely "streaming" it.

what if there is no such thing as a placebo effect and sugar pills are a miracle cure for disease.

the older i get, the more i understand britney spears' 2007 meltdown. 

the reason why lottery winners often go bankrupt is because all the financially-responsible people know that lottery tickets are a waste of money.

instead of reddit gold, i would pay half the price to give someone reddit coal to all the stupid comments i see out there

literally nothing is stopping me from finding all the hunting cameras in the nearby woods and running past each of them at roughly 3 am on all fours,

if any great scientist had died as a child, other scientists would have eventually made their discoveries. if any great writer had died as a child, no

if congressmen and women don't show up to work, then they should not be able to get paid. just like everyone else who doesn't show up to work.

there should be an island or neutral country (switzerland) that hosts the olympics and re-uses phenomenal facilities for winter and/or summer olympics.

if a man wears a thong and gets an erection would he give himself a wedgie 

they should make a realistic expansion for the sims, where you start off with a college degree, no house, no job and no money... you just move into your

there should be a reddit "shuffle" function to completely switch up your front page instead of seeing the same posts for hours.

millennials are mocked for getting participation trophies, but boomers were the ones handing them out.

they should invent some kind of edible tape that you could use for holding down parts of different foods, like the ends of a burrito.

went to my coffee joint after lunch. no warning they stopped carrying the healthnut cookies i adore and they hired a new barista. dude didn't know what

i wish i had a usb port in my belly button so i could charge my phone with the excess calories from beer

birthday presents are rewards for not dying that year 

people on death row should choose the endless breadsticks from olive garden as their last meal.

we go to coffee shops to drink coffee (a stimulant) to focus and expect a quiet atmosphere, and we go to taverns and bars to drink alcohol (a

the fbi and doj saying "just this one iphone" is the legal equivalent of "just the tip."

jimmy john's should open an upscale restaurant chain called james johnathan's. 

i think i take it way too much for granted that the internet's 'primary language' is english

if snapchat keeps all photos taken and underage people are always getting in trouble for taking nude selfies on snapchat, does that make snapchat the

i wonder if mike rowe ever asks if someone wants a free microwave and then just waves at them.

movie theaters sell some the noisiest food you could possibly eat but please, silence your cell phones so as not to disturb others.

you have to understand the difference between someone who speaks to you on their free time and someone who frees their time to speak to you.

my wife watches so many cop/murder mystery shows that she could probably kill me and get away with it.

an "old man" is typically older than an "older man." 

"true love's kiss" is disney for "and then they boned." 

deaf people will never understand why we all love morgan freeman so much. 

rick astley, green day, sum 41, and the killers released music this week. i don't know what year it is.

there is no "i" in team...there is however an "i" in 'win', 'achievement', 'prevail', 'triumph', 'first place', 'gold medalist' and 'champion'.

how come people don't sing happy birthday to the baby as it's being delivered? i mean that's their actual birthday.

wiz khalifa's password for everything should be "blackandyellow" and the hint should be "you know what it is."

the nsfw tag is the reddit click bait 

at least three people won the powerball, i belive that there should only be one winner. i say we put the three winners into a pit and make them fight

i'm going to open a restaurant called "peace and quiet" where kid's meals are $250.00

if humans showing compassion to animals is called humane, then is dog showing compassion to humans called doge?

whoever decided that an uppercase 'i' and lowercase 'l' should look exactly the same on a computer was a sadistic monster.

call of duty releases a marginally similar game each year and is reviled. pokemon releases the exact same game every time, which you need to

buzzfeed will make an article on asian people wearing english words within the week

there should be a chrome extension that replaces any celebrity news with scientific facts

if deer could speak, the females would say to the males, "nice rack." 

kindergarten is essentially a yearlong eli5. 

someday, someone will be the last person ever born. 

"i'm calling my lawyer" is the adult equivalent of "i'm telling my mom" 

being paid minimum wage is like playing life on hard. 

reddit is a bunch of strangers doing posts and discussions you wish your friends did on facebook.

the great wall of china was originally built to keep foreigners out, but now it's what brings foreigners in.

pets are better than children. they eat less, they don't ask for money, and if they get pregnant, you can sell their babies.

the fence that encloses the smallest area in the world also encloses the largest.

hillary and bill clinton should be known collectively as hillbilly 

in school zones i watch my speedometer more than i watch for kids 

as a student, $1000 is both almost no money at all, and yet so much money, at the same time.

when i was in high school, i was jealous of everyone dating a college student. then i went to college and met the kind of people who date high

if glasses become sexy, then having bad eyesight will make you more likely to reproduce. we will be reversing evolution.

people aren't getting dumber - tech is allowing their stupidity to be heard 

the phrase "if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?" is a great example of humanity's over-inflated sense of

the fact that we are consious minds in a skeleton covered in meat, living on an organic spaceship filled with molten iron orbiting a perpetual nuclear

south park usually reports the news in a more unbiased and accurate way than most news stations

if you have to convert others to your religion in order to go to heaven, it is a pyramid scheme.

it would be ironic if in 2020 we elect a blind president. 

i have probably missed out on tons of otherwise great porn clips just because the thumbnail didnt look good enough to click on...

there needs to be a fire detector that turns off when you yell "i'm just cooking".

the food network should make a cooking show where chefs go into strangers homes and have to make the best dish possible with the available ingredients.

if professor xavier ever tried to read deadpool's mind, could he potentially break the fourth wall accidentally? therefore discovering our world?

being ko is pretty much the opposite of being ok. 

growing up in the 90s, i assumed african killer bees were going to be something i'd have to worry about on a daily basis.

my reddit goal is to have a friend share a post of mine and not know it was submitted by me.

i would like to see gordon ramsay sing for simon cowell, and simon cowell to cook for gordon ramsay. no cuts, no edits.

hbo should buy the rights to harry potter and make a series where every season is based around one book.

every survey is skewed towards people willing to participate in surveys. 

bedtime is so metal. i'm currently brushing the exposed bits of my skeleton so they don't get destroyed by tiny creatures in my sleep, then i'll turn off all

it took me way too long to realize that liam is short for william 

a condom wrapper is packaging for your package's packaging 

considering the 1000's of times i've done it, i still don't know were to put my arms when i go to sleep

if hermoine granger and sherlock holmes had a child together, it would be the single most dangerous literary character to ever exist.

fat people may actually be able to run away from their problems. 

i've survived everything i've ever done. 

after dating a girl with huge boobs the past few months, now my first thought when i see a woman with huge boobs isn't "sweet", it's "man her back and

"mcdonald's has the best mayonaise" is the single fattest thought i've ever had.

apple has become the anthesis of their famous 1984 campaign. 

i have a feeling that bruce wayne would be better at fixing gotham than batman. batman spends hours a day punching college dropouts when bruce wayne

time machines need to be teleportation machines also because otherwise you'll end up in the middle of space while the earth has orbited somewhere else

if i were to quit my job today and become a psychic, i would advertise with a sign that reads, "voted best psychic of 2016!"

an nba player being fined $25,000 is the equivalent of me being fined $4.60 based on my own net worth.

if a woman climaxes fast the man sees it as a compliment. if a man climaxes fast it is seen as. a shameful joke.

someday there will be a til post about how the word "clockwise" came from mechanical clocks that used gears to spin arms around to show time.

knocking on the door of an introvert is like tapping on the glass of a fish tank

i gave up on facebook for reddit. instead of a steady feed of nonsense that i don't want to read from people i know, i get a steady feed of stuff i do want

"shitpost" is an anagram of "stop this" 

today's date is 100/1000/10000 in binary. 

i don't hit the snooze button to get a few more minutes of sleep. i hit the snooze button hoping in the next few minutes, something happens so i don't

when i was young, i couldn't use the phone when i was on the internet. now i can't can't use the phone unless my internet is on.

in disney movies, a duet is the equivalent to a sex scene 

your car keys have more mileage than your car. 

using internet explorer to download chrome is like the mob making people dig their own grave

saying "we invented _____" when talking about an invention which originated in your country is the same as taking credit for a group project you didn't help

i bet dog heaven is located directly underneath toddlers eating messily at a table heaven.

santa likes rich kids way more than poor kids. 

school prepares you more for "who wants to be a millionaire?" than it does for everyday life

it occurred to me today while lying in bed and not wanting to get up, that one day i literally won't be able to get up and i'll look back at this moment and

they should make "ferris bueller's day off 2" with matthew broderick as a middle-aged white collar worker playing hooky from work

college is just the most expensive book club. 

riding in a cop car after being arrested is the exact opposite of the cash cab. the flashing lights are on the outside, you know the answers but don't

netflix should double as a dating site and be like "here are 9 other singles in your area that watched suits for the past 11 hours."

my parents say that video games are a waste of money , even though they have a cabinet full of expensive plates nobody is ever allowed use .

every breath i take resets my 5 minute death timer 

being polite is so rare these days that its often confused with flirting. 

does medusa have pubes, and if so, are they snakes too? 

when we hear the hispanic soccer chat, "olé olé olé olé," the french hear, "with milk, with milk, with milk with milk!"

north korea will never have an ebola case, another thing that makes it best korea

the bigger the "download" button, the less likely it's the button you're looking for.

who the hell figured out how butterflies work? was there just someone randomly in the right place at the right time, or was someone deliberately following a

pizza is a pie chart that updates in real time showing how much pizza you have left.

snapchat should have a day where facial effects aren't sent along with the photo. so people everywhere will just receive photos of their friends with

people who use imgur but not reddit ("imgurians") are like rat people who live in the sewer and insist that it is far better than the city above.

when i see blue jeans, i don't see them as "blue". i just see then as jeans, a neutral pair of pants that can go with darn near anything.

the opposite of "netflix and chill" is "steam and loneliness" 

people fight each other to the death over what happens when we die. 

every time you receive an up vote, a real person has liked what you said. even 20 up votes is a lot of people to liked it.

if humans didn't wear clothing, we'd all be in better shape. 

you are hearing this sentence with your eyes. 

my goal in life is to become famous enough to the point where if someone kills me, i'm considered 'assassinated', and not 'murdered'.

public restrooms should put whiteboards in the stalls to discourage permanent graffiti and give people something to do while they do their business.

when i was younger i used to look at older employees at fast food places and think how embarrassing they're working here. now that i'm older, i admire them

you know you're getting old when milf porn looks like regular women. 

i don't have a headache. thank goodness. you know, i never really appreciate not having a headache until i actually have a headache, so i should probably

i wish i could see a slow-mo replay of all the times i unknowingly almost died 

ea is like 69 for little people 

i wonder if the queen of england has ever eaten a burrito 

/r/all should have three settings: nsfw off, nsfw on and nsfw only. 

i used to be a man in a woman's body. 

i wonder which testicle my kid came from 

knowing which of my class mates went on to become police officers, i'm not very surprised that the us has a problem with the police.

as a married man, nsfw in my mind means not safe for wife. 

usain bolt, has had less than 5 and a half minutes of "game time" in his whole olympic career. about the same as injury time added to the average football

99



to deaf people, cats vibrate when happy. 

i wonder how much of netflix's bandwidth is used by unconscious people. 

if north korea were human, it would be a teenager. it can't feed itself and makes loud threats that it never delivers on.

statistically, quite a few of the people reading this while getting ready to leave for work won't ever make it home again.

for a cigarette-smoker a "smoke break" is smoking and for a pothead a "smoke break" is not smoking

my biggest fear is that when creating a password i will accidentally type one letter wrong and then do the same thing in the "confirm password" box and i

i'm kinda glad reddit has pulled me completely away from facebook 

if you lose a leg you will then have twice as many socks as before. 

when parents get a divorce, they should have to switch houses every week so the kids don't have to.

i haven't read a shampoo bottle since i got my first smartphone. 

since my wife died, i rarely speak out loud in my house. i wonder if my cats forgot what their names are.

every jurassic park film i am disappointed the universal logo isn't an ancient version of the earth's continents.

snoop dogg would be the leader of the grass type gym. 

putting "pick up girls" in my calendar as a 35 year old father has a completely different meaning than it did 15 years ago.

redditors seem decently informed until you stumble upon a thread you actually know something about

[nsfw] a good name for an anal porn star would be * because it looks like a butt hole and is pronounced like "ass tricks."

peta seems like an elaborate ruse by the meat industry to make vegans look like lunatics.

the slowest way to die is to live. 

when i buy a lottery ticket, i'm really just buying 20 seconds of fantasizing how my life would change for the better.

it feels like morgan freeman has been old my whole life. 

google earth is good for finding out which of your neighbors has a pool 

the two musicians who have said the word "what?" the most are probably lil' jon and beethoven.

if you started a cover band called "a book" no one could judge you. 

if you say you are in the top five, you are either fourth of fifth, otherwise you'd be in the top three.

if you think the delay for the next game of thrones book is bad, i've been waiting 17 years for mambo # 6

jack really dodged a bullet by not eating those beans. 

nobody ever sneezes or stutters in a movie unless it's part of their character or beneficial to the plot.

r/creepy should continue to show up on your front page even after you've unsubscribed

at any given moment it is entirely possible that i have already triggered the chain of events that ultimately leads to my death.

the next season of archer should have it where everyone confuses them with the terrorist group isis

the new coke machines with the 100+ flavors should have a random button. 

"no means no" should also apply when i ask her if anything is wrong. 

the olympics would be so much better if youtube or netflix had the rights to stream them

if kids can stay on their parent insurance until 26, parents should be able to go their kids insurance at 65. social security and medicare problem solved.

gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner.

if your replace the "w" in "when" "what" and "where" with a "t" you answer the questions

minivans have sliding doors so children don't open them into other cars. 

instead of tear gas, police should employ thc cannisters during a riot and push multiple free snack carts in outward directions to disperse rioters and

what if drug cartels are comprised exclusively of undercover dea agents who don't know about each other?

i don't smoke cigarettes in my car or apartment because it's disgusting. i have more respect for my property than i do for my body.

one day an iphone is going to explode, and android people are going to be like, "samsung has had this feature for years".

they should censor female nipples with male nipples since male nipples are apparently ok to show in media.

dogs understand more words in our language than we do in theirs. 

if your front door has a mail slot, then you live in a mailbox. 

most of my clothes have been to countries that i have not. 

it's super ironic to read 'fahrenheit 451' on a kindle. 

giving someone a heater as a house warming gift is a literal house warming gift.

instead of 15 second commercials that can be skipped after 5 seconds, youtube should just use 6 second commercials. vine has proved that is enough time to

when using snapchat, there should be the option to add an nsfw tag to a snap so people don't open it in public.

john cena is the new rick astley. 

one advantage of being a woman is no one can surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you’re the mom.

zero is plural, but 1 is singular. (0 comments, 1 comment) 

"free wifi" is the new "color tv" for motels. 

we should change lol to ne (nose exhale) because that's all we really do when we see something funny online.

george r.r. martin could write sex scenes for any actor he wants to see naked in the show.

most people can eat the same breakfast weeks in a row, without complaint. but the same dinner for weeks? now, that's just insanity.

starbucks should have a line for everybody who wants their venti triple half-caf soy mochas with no whip, and separate line for people who want a cup

"no man's land" is a great name for a lesbian bar 

tomorrow is the last sequential date of the century - ending an 11-year run. 12/13/14. the first being 01/02/03. many of us may never see a date like

i've had religious people knock on my door encouraging me to be religious, but never have i had a homosexual knock on my door to encourage me to be

people who actually have celiac disease must be grateful for all the fakers... they now have 10x more products to choose from

your social status determines if you are either murdered or assassinated. 

even when reddit's servers are down, i can procrastinate my homework by refreshing the page to see if its up yet.

"please try again in a few minutes." okay, 2 seconds it is. 

self checkout should include an employee discount. 

some subway executive once thought: "michael phelps smoked pot? no, we want a nice wholesome image. stick with that jared fellow."

netflix really needs a never fucking suggest this again option. 

the coca cola logo is actually a really generic logo that became unique by pretty much not giving a fuck about logo design for 129 years.

they say murdering small animals is an early warning sign of a serial killer. luke skywalker used to bullseye womp rats with his t-16 back

yelling at someone is basically like saying, "here's my stress. it's all yours now."

as a kid i hated getting grounded, now i get upset when i have to leave the house

you use a ladle to get broth, and a brothel to get laid. 

maybe children's medicine tastes so horrible because they don't want kids to od.

a person doesn't become homeless just because they lose all their money, but also because they lost all their friends.

the golden snitch is describe as "damn near impossible to see", so they give a kid with glasses the job of catching it.

no two people can ever go to each others' funerals. 

reddit is like reverse high school. the nerds are all cool and the girls are made fun of non stop.

instead of telling people to stop making memes, the cincinnati zoo should tell people to post their favorite photos of harambe using the hashtag

the use of birth control by responsible people is slowly replacing the human race with irresponsible people who get pregnant unintentionally.

in spongebob squarepants, barnacles is used like a curse word. that means barnacle boy is like fuck boy or something.

in order for bill gates to get the same sensation of the me finding a twenty dollar bill in my pocket, bill would have to find 15.2 million dollars in his

pizzas are eaten from the center outwards. weird. 

at some point you stop wiping and say "fuck it, that's as clean as my ass is going to get today"

at 27.44mph top speed, it is illegal for usain bolt to run in a school zone. 

why do "open minded" people get mad at "close minded" people? shouldn't they be a little more open minded to a closed mind?

if it is "never too late" to start something. then why start today? 

if the civilization series reaches its 104th game, it would be called civ civ. 

i spend 1



out how to get that feeling back. 

" i never sucked his dick" can have 5 different meanings, depending on which word you stress

reddit is only one site, but when it's down it feels like the internet is broken.

it takes a whole ocean and the moon to erase my mere footstep on the sand 

"ipod!" is exactly the same upsidedown 

if kanye west became president. you could find the first lady on pornhub. 

i would rather use a dirty towel that i've used a hundred times before than use someone else's towel that they've only used once.

porn sites should enable sorting by the number of people who left the website after watching the video.

when i was a little boy women would always say "you're going to grow up to break a lot of hearts" as a compliment. that's... kind of messed up isn't it?

if the big religions of the world started out today, they would just be passed off as cults and laughed at.

road head will become so much more popular with self-driving cars. 

the google self-driving car should have an “i’m feeling lucky” button that drives you to a random location.

the sun has a 100

word "tomorrow". if the sun didn't rise tomorrow, then it wouldn't be tomorrow.

having sex with a horse is legal in more states than smoking marijuana. god bless america.

every time i watch a mountain climbing documentary, all i can think is how the true star is the cameraman.

each subreddit should have a dial i can turn up or down, depending how much content i want on my front page from that subreddit.

after living with my girlfriend for a few years now, i completely understand why every male retirement activity - golf, tennis, fishing, etc. - is done in

if 0 is a number, then i have had sex with emma watson a number of times. 

based on genital structure men should really be the ones wearing skirts and women should be wearing pants.

vampires don't like sunlight but moonlight is actually also sunlight 

about 50





when you donate blood, it will flow in someone else's boner. 

"be like bill" meme was about not being annoyed by things online. the "be like bill" meme maker is making the rounds now and it's making people be really

they should make it so if you lose your phone on vibrate you can call your number, enter a code, and it turns the ringer volume on so you can find it

on april fools day, pornhub should change the mute button to a full-volume button

now that pretty much everyone has a digital camera in his pocket, the amount of ufo footage decreased radically.

buzzfeed must be having a hard time finding new content since reddit is currently overtaken with 'fat' posts.

they should change the word "gunman" to "jackass". the news would sound so much better. "police cornered the jackass after a long standoff."

no matter how big a number is it is always closer to zero than infinity. 

after having diarrhoea for a few days it feels awesome to be able to fart with confidence again.

i feel so stupid. it just clicked. "ray-bans" ban the sun's rays from your eyes... 28 years.....

there should be a part in an actors imdb page that says most confused with. 

i wonder if i've ever eaten a crab that was caught on tv. 

reddit turned me into a hipster. people "hey did you see that thing on the news?" me "yea i saw it before you on reddit"

if i put a wool sweater on my dog, i will have created a wolf in sheep's clothing.

as a child "the bfg" always meant "the big friendly giant". then doom came along. ever since it's been "the big fucking gun".

the phrase "left to our own devices" has taken on a literal meaning in the 21st century.

whoever came up with the term 'ex-fiancées' really missed the opportunity to call them 'near-mrs'

what if the big bang was caused by a previous civilizations experiments with a large hadron collider and we are destined to repeat it.

if the mayans had predicted december 2016 instead of 2012 as the end of the world, it would look pretty darn convincing at this point.

i'm so single that if a random girl approaches and shows interest in me, i would wonder if it's a social experiment

to be called inconsistent, you have to be consistently inconsistent. making you consistent.

you're too big to ride the dog by the time you're smart enough to think to ride the dog.

what if dogs are scared of thunder because they think it's the bark of a more dominant dog

being fat is a problem that you can literally run away from. 

young girls wear makeup to look like the older girls who wear makeup to look younger

kevin spacey gets paid more to pretend to be a politician than real ones get paid to run the country.

i'm trusting a whole lot of people not to randomly murder me throughout the day.

animated gifs have revived silent film. 

the mods of /r/radiohead should be called "karma police" 

reddit is a lot like high school.. i sit at home thinking of clever things to say so people think i'm cool

my friend who's a professional psychic doesn't seem to know that i think her career is bullshit.

4chan showed how dumb people can be when they're anonymous, facebook showed how dumb people can be when their identity is completely public

the "twen" in twenty is just two and ten combined. 

your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the center of the solar system.

a group of kids should be called a migraine. 

there are no sour patch adults because we eat them all when they're kids. 

being a worm must be awesome. it's like "man, that dirt was great, i wish there was more." and there always is.

if money = power, then jewels = joules 

a buttload of underwear is exactly one pair 

the future will look futuristic only because we will be trying to make it look futuristic.

sports are mostly about people trying to stop each other from completing very simple tasks.

if i marry a girl i meet on tinder, there's a good chance that the first time i saw my wife was when i was taking a dump.

what if bob ross was a serial killer, &amp; he painted the landscapes of where he hid the bodies.

i wonder how many imaginary arguments i've lost in other people's minds. 

i wonder if slash insists on being the top hat every single time he plays monopoly...

japan was like the leeroy jenkins of wwii 

as far as my penis knows i'm getting laid 2-3 times a day. 

history classes are only going to get longer and harder as time goes on. 

we never actually see a full moon. it's only ever a half-moon. 

now that i'm older, i have a hard time answering "what do you want for your birthday?". the things i really want are not capable of being gifted.

if someone was reading a book titled, "it's called a book," and someone asked them what they were reading, the response would make them seem like a total

can orphans watch pg films? 

it's ironic that people usually show their driver licenses to buy alcohol. 

somebody probably has died the same night they didn't send that chain mail to 10 other people.

colored salt would make it a lot easier to tell how much you're putting on food.

every time wolverine retracts his claws after a kill, he's pulling bloodborne pathogens directly into his body. if it weren't for his mutant healing, he'd

i used to think setting a passcode was to keep strangers out of your phone, but really it's to keep your friends out.

when you order food at a restaurant, you always start your order with a drink. at a fast food joint, you always end your order with a drink.

if the oldest person on earth is 116 years old, then 117 years ago, there was a completely different set of human beings on earth.

"immaculate conception" means "holy fuck." 

in video games, you gain xp from success. in real life, you gain xp from failure.

if you made french toast out of a hot dog bun, you could lay a banana inside and eat it like a breakfast hot dog

today on 11/11, europeans and americans don't confuse each other about what date it is.

humans have shit all over jalapeños' defense mechanism by turning their defense into cuisine.

i feel like being both a procrastinator and suicidal kinda just works itself out

isn't "the pen is mightier than the sword." a little out dated. shouldn't it be "the byte is quicker than the bullet."

the number of people older than you will never increase, but it is constantly decreasing.

if zombies do not attack each other then zombies would be more peaceful towards each other then what humans are towards other humans so maybe zombies

they say laziness makes you fat, but being too lazy to prepare food has been a big reason for me being underweight for years.

the biggest joke of spongebob is that he works at a fast-food place and can afford a house.

for the new star wars film, i want a major character to die from being shot by a stormtrooper.

a baby centaur would have a bottom half that could run almost immediately after birth and a sloppy top half that's neck couldn't support its own head.

smoking out of a bong is one of the few singular activities that involves water, earth, wind, and fire

when the inventor of the usb stick dies, they will lower the coffin, then bring it back up, turn it around, then lower it again.

op can finally get married 

if you start screaming on a cruise ship, everyone will think you're crazy.. but if you start screaming on an airplane, everyone joins in.

a book with 100 pages only has 50 pages. 

marijuana gets less and less illegal as you smoke it. 

ted mosby of "how i met your mother" has no problem giving intimate details of his sexual history to his children, yet refuses to admit to them that he used

the phrase "youth is wasted on the young" should be changed to "wealth is wasted on the old."

if you push 99 on the microwave, it runs for 99 seconds, but if you push 100, it only runs for 60.

ice cubes float in a pool of their own blood. 

i hope science never figures out how to make dogs talk. if my dog ever learns to talk, everyone will know my deepest darkest secrets in exchange for a slice

the problem of slow walking people blocking everyone else will never disappear since the ones causing the problem are the only ones not affected by it

we left the decision on the future of the united kingdom with the same people who came up with boaty mcboatface.

can we take a moment to appreciate the fact that the two most revered scientists in the world today are a black man and a quadriplegic man? the

everyone knowing the joke "netflix and chill", is making it extremely difficult for me to netflix and chill.

in an ideal world we would never hear the words "in an ideal world" 

whenever you sneak or hide in a video game, the computer notices you, tells the enemy ai and mobs where you are and then forbids them from interacting

in another ten years "my car is manual" will mean it has a steering wheel. 

keith urban is a terrible name for a country music singer. 

if my driver's license expires, shouldn't it still be valid to use as an id? it's not like i all-of-the-sudden stopped being me.

if sleeping is that important then why the fuck does school have to be so early?

by having sex, you are continuing your family's oldest tradition. 

are medusa's leg hairs tiny snakes? 

females are the most advanced 3d printers ever 

today i turn 23. since 23 is a prime number, i'm literally in the prime of my youth.

i like how the term “as f*ck” is a common unit of measurement. 

if i throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to ducks determines whether or not i'm littering.

if you ever get stranded on an island there should be a certain "sos" pattern that you can make that will automatically be detected by a satellite system

tesla/edison would be an incredible band name for an ac/dc cover band. 

if there are psychics, they're probably not wasting their talent working as psychics.

i cannot wait until a dental hygienist needs my help with a computer. "now, you know you haven't been backing up your data as frequently as you should,

the cost of cell phones has really ruined the hilarity of pushing your friends into the pool.

there exists an area so unfathomably large that humans refer to it simply as "space"

if you're only defense for an argument is, "i have a right to my opinion," you're probably wrong.

in 2015, back to the future 2 will have to change its genre from a future film to an alternate history film.

if the zoo tranquilized the gorilla and the little boy was killed, there would be an uproar about how society values the lives of animals over black kids.

amazon prime would be an awesome leader of the autobots. 

there is an "i" in the middle of the word "hurricane" 

johnny cash would have been a good name for a rapper. 

the word “read” is like schrodinger’s cat. it exists as both words until it is read by someone.

everything in the universe is either a banana or not a banana 

wake up earlier on weekends. now you get to sleep in for 5 days a week instead of two.

i've seen so many price tags ending in 99 that i feel a little mentally weirded out when i see a normal, whole number price.

the aim "away message" was the original facebook status. 

after more than 2000 years of technological advances, girls are still wearing the same sandals used in ancient rome

when i'm stuck in traffic, i'm not upset about the number of cars and reduced speed. i'm upset about all the damn idiots that drove so badly to make it so

if kanye and kim's child's name is north west, that makes kim's vagina the northwest passage.

when you make minimum wage you get yelled at for taking a shit for too long. when you make 50k a year, you're sent to day long conferences that have

in himym, all ted's girlfriend are hot because he's the one telling the story. 

now that i'm a parent, i wonder how much money my parents pissed away on toys that i can't remember even having.

its hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it is damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.

some badass motherfucker in the past domesticated a fucking wolf. 

netflix needs a "wish list" where i can tell it what i want to see, and get alerted when it's available to stream.

if your wife has a friend that annoys you, don't tell your wife to stop being friends with her. just casually mention how pretty she is.

they're called trojan condoms because they help you come inside safely. 

lesbian chatrooms are probably filled with men pretending to be lesbians talking to other men pretending to be lesbians

reckless driving is bad, and wreckless driving is good. 

someone in the world unknowingly has the world's best rock, paper, scissors winning percentage

adam sandler is like tyler perry for white people 

technically speaking, wouldn't your best friend be your worst enemy? 

in real life, we tell people we meet our names and where we are from, and only share our deepest secrets when we trust each other. on the internet, we tell

i've had less sex than any of my ancestors, yet i've probably seen more dicks than all of them combined.

will ferrell should star in an comedy where he and three other comedians are members of a washed-up boy band past their prime.

if there's an afterlife i hope i can look up pointless things about me when i was alive like how many times i ate a certain food, my most used word, how

i sometimes wonder how many kilometers i've scrolled on my phone 

if men dressing up as women so they can ogle and harass women in the bathroom really was an actual problem, there'd be a whole genre of porn already

i just realized that "homeowner" has "meow" in the middle of it and now i can't stop reading it as "ho-meow-ner".

as a disney land worker, i wonder how many pictures of me in my costume are in random people's houses.

what if peach broke up with mario, he got depressed and ate a mushroom, and hallucinated all of the adventures in which he won her back?

when we land on mars, we need to choose the metric system or the imperial system and never introduce the other. ever.

you wake up when you die in a dream because you don't know what happens next 

i wonder if i am closer to my death or my birth right now. 

my dog is 12 years old. i should probably be saying "good man" rather than "good boy."

today i watched tv on the internet, played a vr game on my phone, smoked weed ordered online and made a grocery order which arrived at my door in 2

my future wife is probably banging some dude right now. damn. 

i wonder how many times the members of fleetwood mac had to explain "no, he is lindsey and she is stevie"

the whole toilet seat up-or-down debate between men and women would easily be solved if people actually used the toilet lid and closed it when they're

it's safe to assume that more pubes are shaved on february 13th than any other day of the year.

a ? is half a lightbulb because when the question is answered it completes the lightbulb (the idea).

if i'm wiping off my vacuum cleaner with a towel, that makes me a vacuum cleaner.

they should mark the last tissues in a box with red lines like they do with receipt paper.

if god created the sun on the fourth day, how had four days passed? 

the two worst sentences you can get are life and death 

men socialize by insulting each other, but they don’t mean it. women socialize by complimenting each other, and they don’t mean it either

i've probably gone to the gym more times in pokemon than i have in real life. 

calling yourself a hacker for executing a ddos is like calling yourself a lock picker because you blew up a door with dynamite.

mothers only get a day but sharks get a whole week. 

if the wife on the truman show was a paid actor, does that mean the marital sex technically made her a prostitute?

before people knew what allergies were, whenever someone died from one bee sting, everyone must have thought they were just a giant pussy.

if everything that's happened in 2016 happened in 2012, we'd all be taking the whole mayan apocalypse thing very seriously.

my 2 year old pushes me to think more than any adult simply be replying 'why?' to every answer on any topic.

i close reddit because i'm bored, but then instinctively open it back up because i'm bored

pharrell williams and will ferrell have reverse names 

i got married so that i could live with a girl who doesn't flirt with me but gets angry when other girls do.

i only have left two minutes to live, but that clock resets every time i take a breath.

if someone 50 years ago were told that there would one day only be eight planets, they would think something incredibly exciting happened.

if spider-man lived in rural area, he would have to drive to get around 

when you say 'forward' or 'back', your lips move in those directions. 

blood i've donated in the past could be in someone's boner right now. 

it's unacceptable to use drugs to enhance your olympic performance, but perfectly acceptable to use autotune to win a grammy.

what if 40 year old men driving fast cars aren't going through a midlife crisis, but instead can finally afford the car they wanted when they were 20?

comcast should post a /r/tifu for throttling netflix that directly led to them being reclassified as a utility.

even after midnight, i don't usually consider it to be the next day until i fall asleep and wake up again.

peter dinklage is a white dwarf star 

master splinter is the enemy of the foot clan because splinters injure feet. 

turning up the volume is like zooming in, but with sound. 

old people don't drive slow. slow drivers live to be old people. 

it should be illegal to show cpr done incorrectly on tv or in movies. 

wrong is spelled wrong in the dictionary. 

makeup is allowed in beauty pageants yet steroids aren't allowed in sports 

the term "leave things better than you found them" should also apply to the way you leave people. seeing the garbage man, stopping to get a coffee,

the human brain is like a computer to which we dont have the admin rights to. we just have a user account with limited access.

the kkk ruined a perfectly good white wizard costume 

getting a dollar every six minutes sounds alot better then getting ten dollars every hour

i'm semi confident my dog would welcome any intruder into my house with open arms.

it's sad that when i see something on the news, i don't believe it right away because of how manipulative the media is.

preferring reddit over facebook means you prefer the interests of strangers to that of your friends...

with kanye announcing his run for presidency in 2020 and trump running for 2016, we are literally one step closer to idiocracy.

coffee shops are a calm environment that serve coffee, a stimulant, and bars are an energetic environment that serve alcohol, a depressant.

we rescue homeless animals and shun homeless people. 

my right elbow has never been touched by my right hand. 

farts are ghosts of your food 

beef jerky is essentially just a cow raisin 

depression is like when your mind and heart stop loving each other but still eat at the same dinner table together

"every single person that boarded the titanic died" is a factually correct statement today.

if your neighbor has wind chimes, you have wind chimes. 

there are 171 people wealthier than elon musk. if they all did as much as he does, we'd have audacious, world-changing ideas being announced every couple

if we found ants as they exist here on earth, on another planet, we'd consider them a civilization

"my children aren't vaccinated," is a thing the world's most and least privileged people both say.

what if the reason why 2016 has been such a crazy year is due to the return of lord voldemort, but as muggles we haven't been able to connect all of the

if sex is called "xxx" and sleep is called "zzz", then why don't we call cuddling "yyy" because cuddling comes between sex and sleep and y comes

saying "ohhh fuck" when having sex is like saying "mmmm eat" when eating 

facebook is the refrigerator of the internet; you know there's nothing good in it, but you keep going back to check

if you were a god with low self-esteem, you'd be an atheist, because you don't believe in yourself.

if samsung would have listened to their users and made the note 7 have a user-removable battery, they could have saved billions on the recall by just

i'm still it from a game of tag eight years ago. 

in tropic thunder, when robert downey jr. is impersonating a chinese farmer, he is an american actor playing an australian actor who is acting as an

the true genius of south park's gay fish joke is that people will probably be walking up to kanye and asking him if he likes fish sticks for the rest of his

you'll never be as lazy as the person who named the fireplace. 

what if tesla cars aren't self driving, but are secretly remotely controlled by cheap indian employees?

i think more people are prepared for a zombie apocalypse or alien invasion than their own retirement.

the hydraulic press channel is kind of the opposite of 'how it's made'... 

when i was younger i thought cookie jars would be a bigger point of contention in the house.

if i ever need to win an argument on reddit but don't have any proof, all i need to do is link a youtube video to support my claim, no one actually clicks

i think if i ever got crazy rich, i would hide it from my kids until they're 21 or so. then once they finish college i'm like "we're actually stupid

let the bodies hit the floor is a more literal version of it's raining men 

i used to have to watch my swearing because i was a kid amongst adults. now i have to watch my swearing because i'm an adult amongst kids.

instead of people constantly making throwaways, why doesn't reddit have a "post comment anonymously" feature?

as a father of a 3 yo, i am probably the first generation that would rather find my teen child experimenting with marijuana over alcohol or cigarettes.

reddit should sell reddit aluminum for really bad comments, which shows more ads.

i wonder if our sun is part of the constellation of an alien civilization. 

a man will treat a woman like a princess until she starts to act like one. 

what if the reason we don't hear people saying "yolo" anymore is because they're all dead.

the best racial slur to use against white people would be juggalo. i'm white, and if someone called me that, i'd be pissed.

checking your phone when someone else checks their phone is the "yawn" of this generation.

thanks to craft beer, my alcoholism has turned into a "neat hobby" 

there is one day every year, where we unknowingly pass the anniversary of the day the dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid.

even a good harmonica player sucks half of the time. 

last night i spent 90 minutes reading negative reviews about a 90 minute movie. so glad i didn't waste my time with that flop!

i wonder if when humans go extinct on earth, will aliens find our dna and create a human version of jurassic park?

i could have a child and keep it off the grid if it's a home birthed child, never get it a birth certificate or fingerprinted and just keep its birth a

people at /r/atheism spend more time thinking about god during their day than most theists.

if santa can say "ho" 3 times a second, "ho-ho-ho", and if you consider the blinding rate at which he would need to travel around the earth to deliver all

if nintendo made a virtual reality mario kart that could quite possibly be the most insane game ever.

i hope fast food workers get their $15/hr wages so the cost of fast food will double and i will stop eating it.

alan rickman would have played an amazing older kylo ren. 

reddit is like the back of the classroom in high school. you can barely hear the serious conversation the op tried to start because the top comments are

i can stream netflix in 1080p hd all day but god forbid i try to load a gif on imgur.

as a cop with a body camera, i can no longer make things like marijuana "disappear" and let you go with a warning, seeing as how all video is open to

when you eat meat, your body turns dead meat into alive meat. 

i wonder how many times someone i know has seen me in public and just didn't want to talk to me.

if a=1, b=2, c=3, etc., then t+w+o+h+u+n+d+r+e+d+a+n+d+f+i+f+t+y+n+i+n+e = 259 

why did cinderella's shoe fall off if it fit her perfectly?' 

with all the horrors and tragedies in the us it's almost like it was built on an ancient indian burial ground.

it's going to be so easy to turn a 5 into a 6 for the first few months of 2016.

somewhere in the galaxy, your childhood is still currently visible. your past self still exists, traveling through space at the speed of light.

if a million of us picked a certain redditor and all donated just $1, we would have the power to make someone a millionaire

"will will smith smith?" and "will smith will smith." are complete proper sentences

when you buy halloween candy to hand out as an adult, it's like you are paying for all the free candy you got when you were a kid.

trying to convince people that something needs to be done about climate change feels oddly similar to trying to convince people to help clean up at a party

the phrases "butt dial" and "booty call" are by definition basically the same words, but mean two totally different things.

a chicken pecked my thigh today and i realized i had no right to be mad after having bitten in to thousands of chicken thighs

in the last 20 years, i won over $7300 by not buying a lottery ticket every day.

why haven't missy elliott and baskin robbins teamed up for "get ur free cone" day yet?

in movies nobody ever has the bottom locker. 

if batman's main power is to instill fear, he's basically a terrorist. 

canada is 50



as a pregnant woman, my body contains eight limbs, and therefore this is the closest i'll ever be to being a spider....

before video games the statement "fuck i died" was probably never said by anyone

i should buy some weird stuff and hide it in my attic so my grandkids have cool stuff to post in reddit in the future.

you don't want a wikipedia article about your plane flight. 

what if sleeping is our natural state and we are only awake to gather information for our dreams.

alcohol is the fountain of youth for the brain. as you drink more, your judgment gets worse, you lose the ability to drive, and eventually to walk and

the word "symmetry" should be a palindrome. 

if you taught a parrot to only say the word "parrot" then it would be like owning a pokémon.

if i were to rename my cat meow, he would basically be a pokemon who knows bite and scratch

i always read the tl;dr even though i read the post 

it's weird to think that i don't even exist in your life, yet you're reading what i just typed.

snapchat should add the ability to add a nsfw tag to snaps that should not be viewed in front of other people.

the u.s. should offer the u.k. statehood, because it would be hilarious. 

they should just turn off each candidate's mic when they run over the time limit....and also taze them.

"two bananas" would be an excellent band name for a duo of tuba-playing grandmothers.

i would have been called crazy 20 years ago if i would have said dr dre would become a billionaire and well-respected rapper while bill cosby would become a

strangely nearly all superpowers whether mutant, alien, radiaton etc comes with incredible sewing and costume making skills.

steve harvey fucked up reading info from a card, but that's all that motherfucker does on family feud.

i probably don't know that you exist. 

saying "a quick google search showed me that..." when answering someone's question is the passive aggressive way of saying "you could've looked this up

right now there is probably someone writing a book or singing a song that is amazing, that no one will ever hear about.

a ton of people is literally 12 to 15 people. 

whenever a well known person dies, someone on wikipedia has to change every "is" and "are" to "was" and "were"

water is just a portal to a universe where you can fly, but you can't breathe. 

it would be hilarious if the zodiac killer came forward because he couldn't stand the fact that some people think he's ted cruz

certain women won't date a guy who lives with his mom, but will date a guy who lives with his wife.

someone cared about butthead enough to pay for him to have braces. 

cashcab would be so much better if they picked up drunk contestants trying to go home.

youtube should have a "disable video" function leaving only the audio when listening to music in order to reduce data usage.

the swiss must have been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a wine bottle corkscrew on their army knife.

morticians should tie dead people's shoes together so if there is a zombie apocalypse it would be funny rather than scary.

the body acceptance movement never happened for men because we're fine with looking like shit.

reddit makes you love people you've never met. facebook makes you hate people you've known your whole life.

if two mind readers read each other's mind, who's mind are they reading? 

"one man's junk is another man's treasure" would make a good slogan for a gay porn site.

i would much prefer a new set of teeth when i'm 40 than when i'm 7. 

my parents were alive to see the fall of the soviet union. i'll be alive to see the fall of the european union

every olympic event should have an 'average joe' participate in order to provide context.

reddit is a lot like "who's line is it anyways?" because quick wit comes in handy, and also because the points don't matter.

japan looks like someone turned adblock off. 

fishing would be a lot less popular if fish could scream. 

king kong was the original harambe 

girls are more comfortable being naked around each other because they don't have to worry about getting an accidental erection and making things awkward.

when i see 'wtf' i immediately thinks 'what the fuck' but when i see 'lol' i think it as 'lol'

pizza is the 'vitruvian man' of foods. it is shaped like a circle, is cut into triangles, and is enclosed within a square.

pornhub should create an ad campaign spinoff similar to snickers. "you're not you when you're horny"

reddit is a place where 1



understand why 1



beef jerky is sort of like a cow raisin. 

if one of the toys from toy story died, the kids wouldn't know. the other toys would have to watch them play with corpses.

if we can't reach google we assume our internet is down 

your age shows how many laps you've done around the sun while riding earth 

we waste a lot of water thinking 

"aliens don't exist" will be the "the world is flat" of the future. 

benedict cumberbatch is the only man in history to play sherlock holmes who has a name sillier than "sherlock holmes"

condom compagnies should make a starter pack were they would put one of each size to help people pick the best condom for them.

if i had a dollar for every useless trivia i know, i would have no money because the trivia is no longer useless because it can earn you money.

if prince william has had anal sex with kate middleton, she is one of the few who have ever been royally fucked in the ass.

if i had a bunch of psychics i would start a pizza place instead of a psychic hotline.

one day when google is beaming gigabit bandwidth into our homes, facebook will be providing free internet to the globe, space x will be colonizing our solar

i have never had a female pizza delivery person in my 27 years of life. 

revisiting your old university campus after you've graduated feels awful lot like going back to an open -world video game after you've already beaten the

in the same vein as tldr, there should be a nhdw abbreviation meaning "no headphones, didn't watch," for videos.

the letter "w" should be called "we." it's one syllable (versus 3), rhymes with other letters like "ve" and "ze." and most importantly it's what you get

there should be a version of how it's made where they don't say what's being made until the end, so you can guess what it is while it's made.

if math is the universal language, then the imperial measurement system is a speech impediment.

if santa keeps a record of the "naughty" kids each "year" and the year doesn't start till the 1st of january.. then that leaves the 6 days after christmas

it seems kind of douchy for medical offices to charge alzheimer's patients for missed or forgotten appointments.

i'd rather power through the slightly-more-than-i-should-eat end of an ice cream container than leave a dissapointing amount for future me.

anne frank and mlk were both born in the same year but people don't know that since they associate them with two different time periods...

what if the only reason that aliens haven't landed on earth is that their government cut funding for their space program?

if farts smelt nice people would ask you for the recipe eg."what did you eat to get that smell?"

a saddle is really just a human to horse adapter. 

the first video of a human meeting an alien is going to filmed in portrait, i just know it.

if you watch sitcoms without the laugh tracks, the characters just give each other cringed looks and awkward silences for those jokes.

the fact that there is only a "like" and no "dislike" button on facebook is the equivalent of mark zuckerberg telling you, "if you can't say anything

i wonder how many miles i've scrolled on my phone 

i was dead for 13 billion years before i was born, and that wasn't so bad. 

ted talks are like church services for people who believe in science. 

there's a kid out there who has to go his whole life knowing he's the reason harambe died.

in star wars, most of the emergencies are dealt with by r2-d2 having sex with a wall.

if уфц tчpз iи fдкэ cуяillic, it is liкз hдviйg д pфlчдlphдьэtic cуphзя thдt mдchiиэs cдйифt цйdзяstдиd, ъцt бядiйs cди

eat becomes fat is you don't draw a line. 

when people ask you how your day is, they aren't prepared for any response other than "good"

in all science fiction, humans are the one race whose goal is to get along with every other race. in non-fiction, humans can't even get along with

religious people who haven't read their holy book have essentially clicked "agree" without reading the terms and conditions.

if it wasn't for pizza, i would never know i liked pepperoni. 

instead of saying "that's what she said" i've adopted a new saying, "that's how my grandma died."

as a male in my late 20's, it's a bigger relationship step to hold hands with a girl in public than to be sleeping together

if the movie "white chicks" had instead been about two white men who had to be disguised as "black chicks" it would be considered incredibly racist.

car brake lights should get brighter the harder the driver is using the brakes 

thanks to tinder, i've been fingering girls left and right! 

guys, if a girl hits you with the "i'm pregnant" text on april fools day just reply yeah you looked like you were gaining weight

the show "when animals attack" should be called, "when humans are stupid and wild animals act how they are supposed to"

thank god mr. incredible ended up marrying elastigirl. he probably would have killed anyone else he tried to have sex with...

people are talking about tragedies the way hipsters talk about bands. "oh, you're into that trendy tragedy? whatever. there's this other tragedy i'm

the star wars subreddit should be /r/2d2. 

what if they found amelia earhart's plane while looking for malaysia flight 370?

the feeling after eating too much and the feeling after masturbating is almost the same: "i feel moderately disgusting and i have lost all interest in having

"dog food lid" backwards is "dildo of god" 

i wonder how often rare coincidences, like bumping into an old friend in an obscure part of the world, very nearly happen - but your tracks don't quite

a speed limit essentially makes it illegal for my car to exist at a certain location directly in front of my current location, at a certain time in the

when committing a crime, you should always bring earbuds with you so when you are running away it will just look like you are out for a jog.

when i say "10 years ago" i still think of the 90s 

legoland should have an "i promise i'm not a pedophile" day so adults can go and enjoy the park if they don't have kids.

if you're inbred and a person, you're shamed by society. if your inbred and a dog they give you ribbons and trophies and your inbred children sell for

i always skip google searches that have the word ad in front of their url. google is ultimately charging companies for me not to click their

i seriously can't remember what i did when i was bored before i found reddit 

you should be able to text 911 if you're in a situation where it's dangerous to make noise.

do you think mohammed also appears on grilled cheese sandwiches but nobody recognizes him?

i wonder what people who type "u" instead of "you" do with all their free time.

the difference between a million and a billion is almost a billion. 

"better late than never!" is an amazing anti-speeding slogan 

historically, when a new land is discovered and colonized, people eventually revolt and win their independence from their country of origin. when we go to

i would gladly take 98



doesn't sound too good when it's the effectiveness of your girlfriend's birth control

there should be bloopers at the end of horror films to relax the viewer before sleeping

al bundy was considered a loser in the 80s and 90s, even though he owned a decent house in a good neighborhood, and was able to sustain a family on a

facebook makes you hate everyone you already know. reddit makes you like people you'll never meet.

any drink with calories is an energy drink. 

u/poem_for_your_sprog and u/shittywatercolours should combine to make a childrens book of poems and then watercolours depicting the poems.

when people are sick they are actually nsfw 

netflix should have a rating system that includes, "i hate this, but i want to keep watching it."

"shoulder blade" is a pretty badass name for a bone. 

'supervision' sounds a lot cooler than it really is 

i wish chris farley was alive to have done rob ford skits for snl. 

gta made me a violent person as much as madden made me an athlete. 

when thinking about the first time i saw my wife naked when we were in high school, i'm thinking about a 16 year old.

someone should market a prank dictionary that looks real but is missing the word "gullible".

jaden smith needs to star in a show about a spoiled rich kid from bel aire sent to live with relatives in west philadelphia.

a woman's breasts are basically lumps of fat, so whenever breasts are blurred on tv it's technically fat shaming

if every person worldwide blinked simultaneously, nobody would notice. 

if microsoft let you play minesweeper or solitaire while windows updated we'd hate windows updates a lot less

an urge for masturbating should be called a 'fappetite' 

the only reason i read comments on reddit is to find someone who has the same reaction to a post as me but can communicate their thoughts more better.

with infinite universes, think of another version of you and say 'hi'. there's a version of them thinking of you and saying 'hi'. you just communicated

i live in a country where millionaires and the unemployed are likely to have the same phone.

i wonder if muslim women also get 72 virgins after they martyr themselves. seems like that's not as good of a deal.

if monopoly was invented today, you would be able to buy jail like any other property.

my phone should know when i'm about to watch a video i'm not trying to turn down my ring tone volume.

in high school, girls dating college guys were cool. in college, guys dating girls in high school are losers.

the final test in marriage counseling should be to assemble an ikea table together and then play monopoly on it.

if the americans bring down fifa, we should allow them to call the sport soccer.

teach a man with alzheimer's to fish, and he'll eat for a day. 

if i was asked to describe color to a blind person, i would just hand them bottles of powerade and tell them the color they are drinking.

growing up i was always told how smart i was. now that i'm an adult i realize i'm not really smart at all.

i wonder if birds on my feeder are friends or if it's like a public bathroom and no one makes eye contact.

it's weird that in grade 12 you have to ask to go the bathroom in school. but 2 months after you graduate you have to choose what you want to do for the

when i was a kid my parents told me i wouldn't enjoy getting mail. jokes on them, i pay my bills online and the only thing i get in the mail are parcels

a shitload of food is the exact amount of food you eat. 

is it just me, or are 80

on facebook people that you do know, but deliberately choose not to be friends with?

watching porn and masturbating is like watching the food network and eating bread.

i'm 32 and it's likely i could still be lured into stranger danger by puppies and candy.

google is better at finding posts on reddit than the search on reddit itself 

it would make more sense if 3 had the value of 4 because the number 3 looks like half of the number 8

spiderman has arachnid buttholes on his wrists.. 

you are never finished pooping. at best, you are just between pooping. 

the fact that we have a universally recognized hand sign for "fuck you" and not one for "i'm sorry" should really tell us something.

i wonder if ive done something that has caused a chain reaction that has lead to someone's death

in skyrim, khajiit should have reduced fall damage, since cats always land on their feet.

i wonder if i've ever spent the same dollar twice... 

my brain seems to think that anyone i find attractive is too good for me and anyone attracted to me must be insane

"?!" makes a sound in my head, but i can't describe what it is... 

incorrect facts about amish people spread around the internet are not very likely to be corrected...

i am glad that farts aren't contagious as yawns 

there are children alive in the u.s. today who have only known a black president.

ms. pac-man should have been named pac-ma'am 

dna is technically an acid. that means i have the ability to shoot acid out of my dick.

they should reboot frozen with a black kid and have him grow up to be frozone 

netflix needs a skip theme song button 

since the invention of auto-correct, the use of the word 'ducking' has exploded.

pizza delivery drivers should also operate like ice cream trucks and carry around spare pizzas with typical toppings. so when you see one drive through

100 years ago, most people rode horses and only the rich had cars. now everyone has a car and you have to be rich to own a horse.

the grinch stole christmas from the whos. horton heard a who. the grinch is tiny.

people get very offended when you tell them how to raise their child, unless you wrote a book about it. then they'll pay you for it.

i close reddit when i get bored and then instinctively open reddit because i'm bored

the female equivalent of sausage fest should be called a fish market. 

i wonder how many oscar heads have been in vaginas. 

the olympic games are the biggest sporting event in the world, yet most of the sports they play are so niche that everybody forgets they exist until the next

no matter how bad you were hurt, you're eventually going to have to trust a fart again.

if jesus had been stoned to death, christians would all wear little rocks around their necks

thanks to gifs, millions today enjoy silent movies like people did a century ago, not annoyed by the lack of sound.

if people are going to start being fined for smoking in the car with kids, we should start fining mothers who smoke with kids in their stomach.

i wonder how many strangers i've walked by more than once. 

while asleep, our brains are capable of assembling complex narratives set in fantastical worlds; populating them with beings and structures, all perfectly

how the fuck did cake become so fucking special. birthday cake, wedding cake, graduation cake, retirement cake... i wanted apple pie but nnnoooo we have to

taken 4 should be set in a tibetan monastery. liam neeson has found his daughter, and his wife, now he must find his inner self.

for having such a bad rap, satanists really haven't done nearly as much damage as christians and muslims have.

me trying to kill a fly for five minutes is the equivalent of me being chased down by a killer for ~3 months.

one of the most creepy things we can come up with is a strange creature, standing still some distance away, staring right at us in silence. we do that

google is like ctrl+f for the entire internet. 

tomorrow's date (04 aug 16) is 2^2 / 2^3 / 2^4 

of course our moms don't think we're ugly. half of our genes came from someone that she thought was attractive enough to have sex with

9 months before i was born, i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom 

if i teach my parents something, they're learning from their mistake. 

i now identify more with the bus driver yelling at kids to sit down than the kids who think she's crazy.

if whose line is it anyway was rebooted as a live show, social media could use hashtag submissions to make it the best improv show ever

i bet people would look better in their driver's license pictures if they took the photo at the beginning of the dmv visit rather than the end.

reddit/imgur could bankrupt buzzfeed if they changed there terms of use to ban reposting on buzzfeed.

i wonder who hearing 'gold digger' is more awkward for - kim kardashian or kanye west.

there should be a margarita truck that plays mariachi as it drives around the neighborhood at night. and we would hear it and run out with our money and

ghost sightings sure fell out of popularity now that everyone has a smartphone in their pocket

if there really are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, batman is reading a comic book about me.

humans are originally from mars, but after using up all its resources and destroying the atmosphere, scientists launched a vessel containing basic

hollywood shouldn't remake good movies, they should remake terrible movies and make them better.

april fool's day is the best day for a company to unveil a potentially controversial product. if people hate it, they can just claim it was a

the most likely person to own a katana is the least intimidating person to weild a katana

honesty is probobly one of the most highly regarded traits in a person, but if i was 100



family or even a job 

girls always want a taller guy, but consistently complain about being tall. it's because your mom found a taller guy, and the cycle continues.

if we woke up everyday as a different person and knew everything that they knew, we wouldn't know it happens.

peacocks are like rave turkeys. 

if abortion is legal but prostitution is not, then a woman owns her uterus but the vagina belongs to the state.

the japanese flag could actually be a pie chart of how much of japan is japan 

a date is like a sex interview. 

when you turn thirty, your fifteen year old mistakes become fifteen year old mistakes.

facebook needs an 'agree' and/or 'support' button, so i don't have to 'like' that you're having a tough struggle with cancer.

whenever i need to spell 'beautiful' i always think back to bruce almighty. 

at 11:11:11 on 11/11/1111 no one had a clock accurate enough to care 

there are only two possibilities, as far as i see it: either google will someday cease to exist, like every other company in history, or it will

"blue-eyes white dragon" sounds like a nazi mascot 

when i die, i don't want my life to flash before my eyes, i want a cinemasins-style video complete with jeremy narrating.

there should be a clock repair company with the motto "if it doesn't tick, tock to us"

if we ever colonize another planet how will we determine age? 

youtube red takes something i don't want and asks me to pay for it, but redtube takes something i'd pay for and gives it to me for free.

if women average 20,000 words a day, and men only 7,000, even if i only listen to half of what my wife says, i still listen to her more than she could ever

when i started watching breaking bad i only saw bryan cranston as hal from malcom in the middle, now i'm watching malcom in the middle and only see bryan

behind every pornstar is at least ten people from their high school that "totally fucking called it."

if i bet a hooker $100 that she can't make me cum....is that prostitution or illegal gambling?

the bigger the tattoo of a cross, the less the person acts like a christian. 

they should just start using liquid soap in jails. 

100,000 condoms for olympic village? that's the best time to further the species.

about 150 years ago a car would be considered a luxury item and a horse a necessity, now a horse is a luxury item and a car is necessity.

most people don't take offense when you say "the average person is an idiot" because most people think they are above average

the difference between "woman" and "women" is spelled in the second syllable but pronounced in the first syllable.

i just realized today’s date 2016.10.2 is a palindrome, which is the same when you read it forward and backward.

fake living rooms at ikea should also have a couple in them trying to assemble ikea furniture and fighting.

i prefer nightmares. i wake up from bad dreams relieved, because i know they're not real; i wake up from good dreams disappointed, because i know

the little mermaid is a cute story but if i were a merperson and i suddenly became a real person i'd be much more intrigued by my newfound genitals than

to sleep, you have to pretend to be asleep until you actually are 

i wish i was as fat as the first time i thought i was fat 

once time travel is invented it will have always existed. 

i live in colorado, i bought pot on my credit card. wells fargo fronted me an eighth. thank you wells fargo.

it's strange how the the brain doesn't register a second 'the' when written next to another 'the'.

my dog understand several human words. i don't understand any dog barks. she may be smarter than me.

when you unmatch someone on tinder it asks why. one option should be "i was drunk last night but now i'm sober."

the world's most famous carpenter died nailed to a board 

the news is basically just someone saying good evening, and then giving you a list of reasons it's not.

for thousands of years literacy was exclusive to the elites of the world and historians always pondered what life for the common man was like. today,

i wish my life was exciting enough to warrant buying a go-pro. 

i wonder how many times i've walked past or come into contact with a murderer. 

if my dream girl exists, i'll never meet her because she prefers to chill at home

when somebody's iq drops below a certain threshold, it no longer becomes acceptable to mock or criticize their intelligence.

children swear all the time. adults swear all the time. however, mix these two groups, and suddenly everyone pretends swearing is awful and they would never

a penis is like a progress bar for arousal. 

our preference for large breasts and muscular men is exactly what would happen if aliens were breeding us for milk and meat.

facebook buying reddit would make a great april fools joke. 

the humans in star trek have ancestors who once watched and loved star wars. 

high school teachers tell us not to plagiarize, but they get all of their assignments from the internet

if the team in air bud lost, the coach would have looked like an idiot for putting in a golden retriever.

its weird how it's socially acceptable to put someone else's genitals in your mouth, but eating a dorito off the floor after a few seconds is gross. what a

if ocean's eleven taught me anything, it is that the mgm grand is going to get robbed after the fight tonight.

do you think santa regrets giving all those naughty kids coal now that global warming is threatening his home?

75 is 25

in which case it is 25



mentos should print little messages on their mints like "you're awesome" or "looking good", and call them "complimentos"...

a 6 year old isn't brilliant because he can use a smartphone. it's the engineers who are smart by designing it in a way a 6 year old can use.

if september 11th would have happened on july 11th, it would have been completely devastating to the 7-eleven company.

saying someone can't be sad because someone else has it worse is like saying someone can't be happy because someone else has it better.

they should grow super big cucumbers so we can have pickle slices that cover our entire hamburgers.

at some point before andy went off to college, woody, buzz, and the gang must have seen him savagely masturbate

what if mars has water on it because we used to live there and fucked up the climate so badly that we had to send an escape pod to earth with only adam and

the entire point of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gunfight 

'fe' is the elemental symbol for iron. tina fey's last name is 'irony'. 

making toy story 4 is like having a going away party. you say bye to every one, leave the house/building and end up forgetting your car keys thus going

june is like friday, july is like saturday, and august is like sunday 

isn't the roof of my mouth really the ceiling because it's on the inside? 

there should be a 'post as anonymous' option so people don't need to keep making throwaways

i have no idea what i've forgotten 

grey's anatomy should end with the death of meredith grey after which she donates her body for medical studies and the series finale should have the

pokeman go is the greatest thing to happen to america's knowledge of the metric system since drugs.

what if everytime you cracked your knuckles your fingers glowed like glow sticks.

if your pet sits on you as a pet owner, you will remain in whatever uncomfortable position you're in to not disturb your pet out of love because

i'm pretty sure i have atleast one anscestor who would be pretty pissed to find out that helicopters exist and i can't fly one.

there should be a movie about a hot college girl in love with a typical nerd. but the nerd is not in love with her.

my dog must think i'm an idiot for having all that urine but only ever marking the one thing in the house.

the only difference between intuition and paranoia is whether you're right or wrong

my wife's gynecologist steps out to give her privacy and change into the gown, and then proceed to look at her vagina.

they was a moment when your mother put you down and never picked you up ever again. she would (most likely) never have realised that moment.

in 40 years we will think of words like "swag" "cray" and "totes" like we do now with "golly" "darn tootin" and "gee whiz."

are all the guys in a boy band singing about/to the same girl? if so, that's a little creepy and weird

marriage is the same as saying "i bet you half my stuff we stay together forever.".

women sound like murderers when they comment on each other's photos "i want to be you", "i want your skin", "i want your hair"

every movie based on a true story is part of a shared cinematic universe. 

if you grab any rock and split it in half, the inside you now have revealed has probably not seen daylight in millions if not billions of years.

i always scratch under my dogs collar in case he has an itch there that he can't get.

atheist say "oh my god!" because they find the situation unbelievable. 

the symbol "&amp;" looks like a man dragging his butt across the floor. 

netflix needs an incognito mode so that i can watch terrible films without getting recommended more terrible films

are medusa's leg hairs tiny snakes? 

"arms" is another word for guns, and "guns" is another word for arms. 

there should be a subreddit called eli65, for computer questions. 

taking a break with your so is the real life equivalent of "try turning it off, and switching it on again,"

ceiling fans are really just helicopters who gave up on their dreams and opted for an office job...

i wonder if i've ever unknowingly shook hands with a murderer. 

masturbating while watching porn is like nibbling on crackers while watching people at an all you can eat buffet.

the "juice" in starburst is just your flavored spit. 

because telescopes work using mirrors, we will never know if space is full of space vampires.

somewhere in the world right now, somebody is reading this exactly the same time you are and coming to the exact same realization that someone else is

buzzfeed employees have the perfect job: they get paid to browse reddit all day

"sat" is the past tense of "sit" which means "fat" should be the past tense of "fit"

do we call macaroni and cheese "mac" because it is an abbreviation or because it is an acronym?

aliens invaded the moon on july 20th, 1969. 

i never look at someone's username on reddit unless someone comments "username checks out"

i'm so old, my handheld games were filled with water :-/ 

your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the centre of the solar system.

if you say "god is great" in english nobody will bat an eye, but as soon as you say it in arabic everybody loses their shit.

skittles is probably having a marketing heyday right now 

hitler probably turned out to be so aggressive because throughout his life time travelers kept turning up trying to kill him

at first, the lochte story confirmed my negative stereotype of brazil, but in truth it confirmed negative stereotypes of americans

next time you're feeling down about something, just think about the kid who got benched so air bud could play.

you know you're an adult when, instead of being excited you have more money in your account than you should, you get confused and scared.

"squawks" said backwards still sounds the same even though it's not a palindrome

if people on a planet 65 million light years away look at earth, they see dinosaurs.

as a kid i thought summer was by far the best season. as an adult it is by far the worst.

the reason kids are more creative is their brains have less experiences to compare to, so it has to guess to understand things.

someone should make a medieval horse racing game called "need for steed" 

the correct response for any 'explain like i'm five' post that involves sex or reproduction should be "we'll talk about this when you're older"

if jeb wins the gop nomination and makes cheney his side man, their slogan can be "same dick, new bush"

if i ever start going blind, i'm not going to tell the government. i'll feel more badass being illegally blind.

why are there 2 a's in aaron? why not 6? what's stopping us? 

when you catch a leaf falling from a tree, you're holding something that has never touched the ground.

i can hold my breath for the rest of my life 

"breakfast" in spanish is "desayuno." ayuno means "fast." desayuno means you undo your fast. breakfast. break the fast. breakfast. i haven't had waffles in

if snapchat existed when i was a kid, it would be a fax machine hooked up to a shredder.

pewdiepie is the highest paid and most popular babysitter in the world. 

when black &amp; white photographs were invented, they must had looked pretty weird because people had never seen the world in black &amp; white before

masturbating in the bathroom at work is the perfect crime. in order for them to punish you,they'd have to admit to spying on you in the bathroom, which is

there's no way that everybody was kung fu fighting. 

if you have your mom saved in your phone as "mom", you can pull her up on the dialpad by pressing "666"

i think the biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand. we listen to reply.

saying "amen" is like the holy way of saying "true that" 

everything i cook literally turns out to be shit. 

right now in california you can tell how much of an asshole someone is by the color of their lawn.

instead of using "1st grade", we should call it "level 1" when referring to school so it sounds cooler to kids.

being an adult is realizing that $5,000 is a lot of money to owe and very little money to own.

porn is the perfect place for a pop-up scare to take place. 

the fact that chimps share 99

you realize that string beans share 50



i am just a penis. the rest of me is just there to make sure my penis survives long enough to make more penises.

adblock should buy out signs around time square and replace them with ‘this ad has been blocked by adblock’

jersey must be a real shithole, if new jersey was supposed to be an improvement.

more people have been president of the united states than who have sucked my dick. sucking my dick is a more exclusive club.

i really feel that if subway had any balls, they would start using the hashtag #blackolivesmatter.

i wonder if the writers of the simpsons have ever had to scrap what they thought was an original idea because the show had already done it.

every bullet that has been fired has missed me. 

cartoons with no dialogue like tom and jerry require no cultural or language translation for children anywhere in the world

spongebob and squidward have shifts at the krusty krab, so other people work there too.

if the nazis used government funds to install those "break glass in case of emergency" axes in their buildings, then that means they were using easy

the recent headline, 'tlc axes 19 kids and counting', is horrifying if you've never heard of that show before.

a pet rock is a great pet until you realize its is essentially immortal and you have damned it to an eternity of watching its loved ones die.

chanting "one more song" at the end of a band's set is nice. doing it in the middle of their set is mean.

if you die during an orgasm, you're coming and going at the same time. 

i've never seen they might be giants in concert. for all i know, they might actually be giants.

it's amazing how much authority a parking cone has. 

humans are a really good example of how dangerous an invasive species is for the local environment

some or all of the money collected from wishing wells or fountains should be donated to the make a wish foundation, that way the coins tossed really did

is my dick an identical copy of my dad's dick? or is it a combination of my dad's and my mom's, if she had one?

if every person on earth was required to spend one work day a year naked we would all workout more.

the most unrealistic thing about the movie taken was that two millennial teenage girls were trying to follow a u2 tour.

in 1990, if you owned a car from 1970, it would be a classic, and be considered cool. in 2015, if you own a car from 1995, there is nothing cool

porn is the only genre of video where it's acceptable to put a spoiler in the title.

if voldemort really wanted to kill harry potter on the night that the spell didn't work, he could've just picked him up and thrown him out a window given

if all the original members of a band were replaced, most people would argue that it's not the same band. but a sports team replaces all of its members

fix a man's computer, and he'll come back to you for a lifetime. teach a man how to fix his computer, and he'll remember it for a day.

if i was studying to learn english, and i saw the word "eighth" i think i'd just throw the book down and give up

when people say "i'm 99

someone who says "i'm 100



the middle aged equivalent to the 'walk of shame' is having to leave a public place because your child is throwing a fit.

the harry potter universe has such a wide variety of magical creatures but the house sygils are based on normal-ass animals

manslaughter sounds way worse than murder 

wouldn't cigarette companies benefit from finding a cure for cancer? 

i care a lot about what my computer background is, but rarely ever look at it 

when a webpage asks me if i'm sure i want to leave, it only makes me more sure that i definitely want to leave.

when i was 13-17 they charged me for an adult ticket at the movies but i couldn't watch an r rated film.

i remember my math teacher telling me i wouldn't be able to carry a calculator with me all the time.

when you change the w's in "where, what, and when" to t's you get the answers: "there, that, and then".

"d" is just "a" with a boner. 

erect has a hard c, while flaccid has a soft c. 

if you're reading a book in public you're sophisticated, if you're reading the newspaper it's still socially acceptable, but if you're reading an article on

as a middle-aged white guy, if i ever lost my dog by an elementary school i'd have to consider it gone forever.

when people say 10 years ago i still think of the 90's 

"i'd better save first" is often the gamer's version of "hold my beer". 

on new years in 2020, instead of wearing those novelty glasses in the shape of the year, people should wear no glasses.

antivirus programs should be put into a 'hunger games' style combat, all installed on one pc and all told each other is a virus. the winner is the one

religious people that haven't read their holy books are basically clicking "agree" without reading the terms and conditions

in 40 years, there will be a teenage girl lying on her bed wearing vintage ugg boots, listening to katy perry or justin bieber saying she was born in the

people who say "family first" or "family is everything" almost always have the most fucked up family dynamics.

r/canada should be given an exception and have been named o/canada 

if i was 5 years old, i wouldnt understand 99

eli5. 

2015 is a delightfully palindromic binary number 11111011111 

i never understood how people could kill their loved ones over money or property until i played monopoly.

reading a book is interpretting ink stains on shreds of a dead tree and hallucinating about it.

'the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog' would be the worst hangman phrase ever.

taylor swift doesn't think spotify pays enough, so none of her music is on the service. as a result, i download it illegally for free and listen to it on the

i like reddit because i feel like i'm having conversations with minds and thoughts, not profile pictures and "look what i'm doing." thanks for being

nothing is on fire, fire is on things 

i miss the days when bottle caps told you explicitly if you were a winner or not.

if you forget to add the second " to a quote, you're citing for the rest of your life.

it's not possible for wolverine to get circumcised 

hearing my voice on a recording makes me want to apologize to everyone i've ever spoken to

50



when i picture the middle ages in my head, i also imagine people casting spells and fighting dragons, even though i know none of that ever happened in

why does sally sell seashells down by the seashore? that seems like the place demand would be lowest and supply the highest. economics 101 sally.

i bet giraffes never have to smell their own farts 

just realised "fortnight" is short for fourteen nights 

maybe the reason garfield hates mondays, is because that's when jon goes back to work.

if i break a bottle of wine at the supermarket, and i'm underage, they can't legally make me pay for it...

some guy named frank must have been very straight forward. 

car companies should periodically produce replicas of iconic cars with exactly the same exterior design specifications but modern internal engineering and

dying of old age is basically saying death by survival. 

a billionaire could give me 

virtually unaffected. 

the last two digits of your parent's birth year is the age you will be when they are as old as your birth year's last two digits.

of 7 billion, i am my dog's favorite person on the planet. 

now that "hoverboard" is taken, real hoverboards should be called mcflys. 

my chemistry textbook is just atoms trying to explain atoms to me. 

old people complain about young people being too loud, but when you ask them a question they say they can't hear you.

norton antivirus is more annoying than actually having a virus 

disney has really given millions of young girls an unrealistic picture of how men should be.

i've never payed a penny to reddit in my three years of using it. reddit doesn't owe me anything and they can do whatever the fuck they want.

with rdj and benedict cumberbatch in the marvel cinematic universe, there should be a scene where someone says "no shit sherlock" and both rdj and

using baby wipes to clean up after sex is very literal 

if 9/11 had happened in july, seven-eleven would have been screwed. 

subways are like the world's shittiest roller coasters. 

netflix asking "are you still watching___" is like a bar tender saying you've had a little to much to drink.

should dumping your partner by text be called exting? 

ariana grande sounds like a taco bell combo meal. 

a vacuum is one of the only items where "collecting dust" means you actually use it.

when someone says "i'm not book smart, i'm street smart", all i'm hearing is you're not smart.

the difference between being a drop in the ocean and a unique snowflake is how cool you are.

if you were to walk around the earth, your head would travel a significant distance farther than your feet.

if having sex on an airplane puts you in the mile high club, does having sex on a subway put you in the six foot under club?

when saying the phrase "ctrl + alt + del", people never use the full version of alt.

i piss and moan about spending $0.99 on an app for the rest of my phone's life, but don't think twice about adding guac for $1.95 on one burrito.

when my kitten playfully tries to bite my wrist he's probably instinctively going for my hands "neck".

i wonder how many times locking your door has actually been neccesary 

if voldemort really wanted to kill harry potter the night the spell didn’t work on him he could’ve just picked him up and thrown him out a window given

whenever you dig up dirt or a rock, that could be the first time it has seen the sun in millions of years.

reverse anger management should be a thing. some people need to learn how to stop giving a fuck and get angry once in a while.

technically, it's impossible to skip breakfast. the first time you eat during a day is when you 'break your fast'.

a change machine always contains the same amount of money. 

a broken clock is guaranteed to be right twice a day, but you could have a completely functional clock that's never right.

i know my way around the grand theft auto maps way better than i do the city i've lived in for the last 20 years.

if you ever go to prison, don't say you have aids to avoid being raped, because that means your ass is open season to people with actual aids who will

"subaru" spelled backwards is "u r a bus". 

horses must be the most farted upon creatures in the whole world. 

the words "tokyo" and "kyoto" can be written together infinitely, like this: tokyotokyotokyotokyo...

when you're alive, it's air conditioning. when you're dead, it's refrigeration.

there should be a "repost" option on all posts. if enough people click it, the post is automatically deleted and the original post takes its place.

if a girl likes water she already likes 75



99

before posting and says "fuck it, i have better things to do." 

facebook game requests are the jehovah's witnesses of the internet. 

whenever i see "tl;dr", i smile because of the happy, winking guy in the middle of it.

if someone says "i'm gay" over and over people would think "oh we know, shut up about it." but if a person says "i'm straight" over and over again people

samuel l. jackson is to quentin tarantino films, what johnny depp is to tim burton movies.

taylor swift has a hundred songs about break ups and zero songs about blow jobs. coincidence?

"emoticons" sound like a group of sensitive transformers 

i can spend $2 almost every day on my morning coffee and it's nothing but spending $0.99 on an app seems just outrageous.

we now pay gyms for the privilege of doing the manual labor we once had to do in order to get paid.

if you worship cows, you probably don't eat cows. but if you worship jesus, you probably eat jesus.

every time you cut a corner you make two more. 

the nsfw image color should be different if it is sexy or gory 

i am more interested in the thoughts of strangers on reddit than any of my friend's tweets or facebook statuses.

all of the planets in star wars have the exact same gravitational pulls. 

it's ironic that reddit is on the verge of revolution during the 4th of july weekend

google should tell you if you're the first person to ever google something. 

if someone uses there, their, or they're incorrectly, i immediately assume i'm smarter than them based off of one mistake.

someone is going to be that guy that dies an hour before we discover aliens for the first time.

why did the empire bother to compact their garbage if they just ejected it into space anyway?

my therapist and my it guy likely know an equal amount of embarrassing things about me.

isn't redesigning barbie just forcing her to conform to someone else's standard of beauty?

dane cook is the nickelback of stand-up comedians. 

soldiers are harder to spot when they're not wearing camouflage. 

girls can't find their hairclip, but they remember what you said exactly 2 yrs ago at 2:13am

for hetero males, birthday sex is celebrating the day you came out of a vagina by going back into one.

its 2015, why cant you unselect a floor in an elevator yet? 

in back to the future ii, marty mcfly travels to 21 oct 2015. as of today, we have only one week left for the franchise to feature time-travel into the

today i beat my personal record for most days lived 

the reason women seem more interested in you when you're already in a relationship is because you act more confident and naturally, since you're not

hooters should do a home delivery service and call it 'knockers' 

if you are bored you should start studying because you will immediately find something more amusing to do

stacy is probably hotter than her mom by now 

if a girl likes water, she already likes 75



why do people say "tuna fish" when they don't say "beef mammal" or "chicken bird"?

anyone who smokes can take multiple breaks in the work day to feed their addiction, but if i play one game of hearthstone...

2020 is only six years away. 

when alex trebek finally retires from hosting jeopardy, he should make one last appearance...as a contestant

the only thing keeping radio alive is automobiles. 

isn't a babies 1st birthday actually their 2nd? 

do you think it's company policy at microsoft to say "i binged it" instead of "i googled it"?

50



your water purifier being broken is both a first-world problem and a third-world problem.

the kind of police force that honestly can't figure out bruce wayne is batman, probably serves the type of city that needs batman

i usually take two poops a day at work, around 5 minutes each. i work 6 days a week. i get paid 13 dollars an hour. i poop for 1 hour a week. there are 52

if busta rhymes was a wizard battling in the world of harry potter, he would take out all the bad guys before they could finish the first syllable of their

if you're an older twin, you can call your sibling every day and say "back when i was your age" and tell then something you did 10 minutes ago

if they re-shot the new ghostbusters trailer with all males, i would still hate it

i could increase my productivity tenfold by changing the title of my to-do list to "active quests"

how fast a car can go from 100-0 is probably more important than how fast it can get from 0-100.

i have two boys. one of their penises resembles my own, the other doesn't. i can only surmise that that is what my wife's junk would look like if she were

i'm more willing to spend $15 on a lunch than on a shirt that will last me years.

i'm pretty sure i've never pressed the "7" button on my microwave 

the term anal bleaching is a bit crude. why not 'change your ringtone'? 

pornhub employees are the only people in the world who would rush to the porn tab when their boss walks by

10/10 of us think we won't be the one to get hit by that bus. 

eminem should make a line of sunglasses and call them slim shadys 

when i buy a pizza, it comes in a sturdy corrugated box. when i buy a cake, it comes in a flimsy box that tries to kill the cake.

what if apple's google glass competitor is called ibrowse and looks like eyebrows?

there should be an episode of big bang theory where they are sitting around watching big bang theory but it has different actors and they are ridiculing

there should be a website where you can enter all of your measurements and find out what clothing brands will likely fit you best.

if i'm illegally downloading something with satellite internet, wouldn't that make me a space pirate?

if m. night shyamalan's next film doesn't have a twist at the end, i'll consider it as his biggest twist.

reddit is like the group of cool kids that are always up to speed with what's trending, all hang out together, and laugh at their inside jokes and i'm the

my personal email is used 1





reddit gold is a bit weird. if some stranger made a good point in conversation i wouldn't give them money

"the netherlands" sounds more like the name of a fictional fantasy-novel country than a real place.

it's weird that people who smoke probably go out and get more fresh air than i do

if we find aliens i hope that'd be the impetus to clean up the planet...just out of embarrassment.

if i think in my own voice, does my dog think in his own barks? 

i wonder when someone will make a movie or tv series with a gay lead character whose sexuality isn't important to the plot.

no cancer patient ever "loses" their battle with cancer. the worst they can do is a draw because if they die the cancer dies too.

if weights were invisible, the gym would look like a terrible slow-motion rave.

growing up doesn't mean that the teenage angst stops, you just stop making a scene about it because you realise nobody cares.

i didn't know how many of my fb friends were experts on gorillas/zoo-keeping until this week.

if anyone was given the challenge to fall asleep in 10 minutes in exchange for a million dollars, almost everyone would fail miserably.

10 years ago staring videos online was a pain due to buffering, now it's a pain due to having to watch 2 commercials first.

if you were in zero gravity having sex, you wouldn't know whether you were doing doggystyle or reverse cowgirl

the google maps car should play ice cream truck music so street view will be filled with pictures of disappointed children.

the usa is having so many disasters and tragedies, you'd almost think it was built on thousands of ancient indian burial grounds

the love of my life could have been caught in a condom. 

swiss army knives should have a blank blade on them that can be cut into a key 

are medusa's pubes also snakes?? 

my dogs eat random sidewalk turds, fauna&amp;flora and lick as many unmentionables as possible: and is 100

supermarket brand dog food pellets and they puke all over the kitchen floor. 

you should be able to punch one person a year in the face without repercussions, people would be a lot less douchey if they thought they might

if we could smell over the internet /r/wtf would be a much scarier place. 

the one thing they explicitly warn you not to do with a q-tip is literally the only thing i have ever done with a q-tip

rappers come in two sizes, big and lil. 

if men had the relatively easy option to get a penis implant the way women can get breast implants i bet there would be a ton of comically sized penises.

good drivers should be allowed to level up and gain new abilities, like left on red lights when no traffic is around

no matter how terribly you abuse your body, it tries it's absolute best to heal and take care of you.

the word 'immature' spells 'i'm mature' 

parking tickets are the opposite of "innocent until proven guilty." you're presumed guilty unless you can go to court and prove your innocence.

police dog is k-9 (canine). if cats were trained they would be k-10 (kitten) 

this is the most recent sentence you have read. 

if you ever drop food on yourself when going out for dinner, you can easily play it off by saying "looks like dinner's on me tonight"

matilda is the g version of carrie. 

my job could easily be automated. the only reason it isn’t is because it would cost too much. that means a robot won't even work for my salary

if a place where the road splits is a "fork in the road", would a cul-de-sac be a spoon in the road?

the old me, is actually the young me. 

when i was a kid i thought the history channel was boring. now the programs are so ridiculous i wish they'd start showing real documentaries again

a buttload of dildos is only one dildo 

i've had a 3d printer in my kitchen for about 15 years, but it only makes waffles.

since the new iron man is a female they should change the title to female. 

babies are just a parasitic std that, after 9months of sucking on a woman's nutrients, grows strong enough to leave the womb and instead feed on your

when apple comes out with a device to compete with google glass they should call it the ipatch.

in t-shirt sizes, xl &gt; l &gt; m, but it's the opposite in roman numerals 

if a zombie outbreak happened on halloween, the resulting post apocalyptic world would be much more visually interesting.

when you're a kid and somebody swears, you're like "dude, don't swear, there are adults around." as an adult when someone swears you're like "dude, don't

if we had 53 states, a prime number, we really would be "one nation indivisible"...

somewhere on tinder, there is endless bot conversations, but us humans can't see.

they should make fun, adult-sized, adult-only playgrounds. more people would get exercise that way.

in the future, everybody's self-driving cars will drive slowly around the block all day to avoid buying parking tickets.

in kanye west song "hell of a life", he says he think he fell in love with a porn star. technically he did.

on 9/11, i remember how the country came together. 15 years later, i don't think it's been further apart.

in addition to best seller lists, amazon should also have "most returned" lists

read rhymes with lead and read rhymes with lead, but read doesn't rhyme with lead and read doesn't rhyme with lead.

the fact that the first person they suspect after someone is murdered is the spouse tells me everything i need to know about marriage.

tom cruise is 53 years old. his first wife is now 59. his second wife is now 48. his third wife is now 36. his current girlfriend is 22. soon he will be

if i played my life like a game i'd probably be a lot better at it. 

if humans ever become enslaved by artificial intelligence the amish are going to be so pissed.

a "humans" episode of how its made would make for a hilarious sex ed video. 

after 20 years i've only just realised we sing the alphabet to twinkle twinkle little star.

what if the ancient egyptians didn't actually worship cats, they only jokingly did, in the form of an ancient meme.

south park needs an episode about martin shkreli called "shkreli's deli," where he buys out the food in town, owns a store and jacks up the prices on

most of us will die with a 0:1 kd ratio 

if you marry someone who is the opposite of you politically, neither of you will ever have to vote because the votes would cancel each other out

in 2015 my car is probably safer from thieves by being a stick-shift rather than having a car alarm.

i also have a teardrop tattoo for every person i've killed. 

the word "queue" has 4 unnecessary letters 

saying "ebola" on a plane is the new equivalent to saying "bomb" 

the first woman to ever have twins must have been really confused. 

imagine how creepy it would be if babies could cry from inside the womb 

the nsfw tag for showerthoughts is essentially useless 

youtube became popular because people hated the commercial network format. youtube is slowly becoming a commercial network.

the war on drugs probably has more pow's than any actual war. 

star wars spoilers should be called wookieeleaks 

the word "bitch" is used to describe people of either gender who possess negative traits of the other.

tolkien died in 1973. turn that around and you get 3791. three rings for the elven-kings under the sky,seven for the dwarf-lords in their halls of

cats dominate the internet, rather than dogs, because dog-people have to go out more often.

ventriloquists can probably hold a conversation with their dentist through an appointment

stan lee might die any day now and i'm not mentally prepared for that 

the phrase "potato potato, tomato tomato" is really fucking dumb when you spell it out.

vampires should be called hemogoblins. 

in 9 months, i bet that we'll see a spike in the german birth rate. 

the best way to honor a woman who worked a lifetime to end human trade, is to put her on currency, so she can be legally traded..harriet tubman

no one is surprised the wealthy and powerful evade taxes, everyone is flabbergasted that they actually got caught.

i used to look at my grandfather carving with a knife and thought he was a master carpenter. he'd look at me with a computer and think i was a software

an askreddit post is a reverse ama 

if you're pregnant with a boy, you are a woman who's growing a penis. 

eating a potato is pretty irish, but so is not eating a potato. 

"prostitution is the only job you can charge more for having no prior experience in the work"

happy scottish dependance day 

stan lee's cameo in avengers 2 should have been him as a janitor in stark tower and he lifts mjolnir so he can dust under it

gofundme should automatically put up rejected ideas on a wall of shame called "gofundyourself."

if an adult had told me as a child that they secretly don’t have a clue what they’re doing, growing up would have been a lot less of a shock.

when i was a kid, i thought "don't make me come up there!" was a threat. now that i have kids, i realize it's a plea.

on reddit, males see other commenters as male until proven female. 

if centaurs were real, "naysayer" might be a racial slur. 

"one man's junk is another man's treasure" needs to be put on a nice big sign at a pride parade.

porn is the only type of entertainment where "not watching the whole thing" means it was good.

i just realized i'm a "service human" for my rescue dog with ptsd. 

i wonder if somewhere in japan there are japanese teenagers saying to each other; "have you seen american porn?!? that shit is fucked up, dude."

i should start a deliver company where hooters girls deliver your food, and call it "knockers"

every time you have mcdonald's as a kid, it's a victory. every time you have mcdonald's as an adult, it's a defeat.

pluto wasn't even a planet for a full year on pluto 

every upvote you've ever gotten was given to you by someone with a life as complex and full as yours who liked your comment.

i don't understand the human race. people eat each other's assholes, but won't eat the end piece of bread in a bag

r/nofap is one big circle jerk over not jerking off 

"child porn" is the only phrase in the english language that i'd be genuinely afraid to type into google.

we are lucky to have our ears are at the perfect height for wearing glasses 

if my dog pees on a tree to mark his territory, does he think my family is having a turf war over our bathroom?

isn't it weird that we don't see more dead people just out on the sidewalk or in a store? i see hundreds of people a day. you'd think some of them would

my lawn drinks cleaner water than most of the world. 

life is like a box of chocolates; an emotional woman can destroy one in 5 minutes

the fact that google autocompletes all of my questions is an affirmation of how unoriginal all my problems are.

if you're one in a million, then there are 7000 people just like you 

i am 13.7 billion years old according to law of mass conservation. 

the word "thing" and the word "night" use all the same letters, but none of the letters make the same sound in both.

schools don't teach kids how to eat because we've always assumed that they'd learn it at home. but that's clearly not the case, since most parents are

15 years ago, when the internet consisted mostly of chatting with strangers, i dreamed of hyper-realistic video games. but know that we have those, i spend

if you wash the dirt from a fallen ice cube, you are washing your water with water in hope that there's only water on the water you will add to your water

it's amazing how often "turn it off then turn it back on again" actually solves the problem.

puns are "inside jokes" for entire languages. 

we use the phrase "shark-infested waters" as if they aren't supposed to be there. we are the ones infesting shark-inhabited waters.

was bingo the name of the farmer or the dog? 

i hope the simpsons is cancelled before any of the main voice actors die because a family death episode would be too weird

saying "tunafish sandwich" is like saying "beefmammal burger" 

birthday sex is celebrating exiting a vagina by entering one. 

porn is the only industry where it is not only acceptable but standard to separate people based on race, sex and sexual preference.

60

pregnant asian woman in real life 

no wonder we have problems. we start each year by dropping the ball. 

dr. drake ramoray might be the most well known character from days of our lives, and has never appeared on the show

not a single list online is important enough for me to deal with if it's a slideshow instead of a scroll list

i measure my day's productivity by the amount of phone battery remaining when i leave work.

know your meme is slowly becoming a historical document that will be required reading by future civilizations to understand our writings.

so many adult women are in love with the boys from one direction. imagine the reaction if adult men were crazy over a band of teenage girls.

why doesn't anyone ever come back from a near death experience claiming hell is for real?

deciding to date your best friend is like betting double or nothing 

a foot away from me it's -5 degrees out... thank you house 

if i buy a self driving car, and then sign up for uber, i could make money sitting at home doing nothing

seeing your first and last name in the title of a reddit post would probably be pretty freaky. yes, joseph martin, i'm talking to you.

if you park next to someone parked like an asshole and they leave, you're the new asshole

santa claus is the idea of god, dumbed down for children. he see's all, if you are not good you get coal(go to hell), if you are good you get presents(go to

judging by all the great loot to be found in every dungeon-filled fantasy game, those worlds are filled with multiple races with tremendous respect for

if you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it mouth trap, and that is also what it would be, and that is pleasing

our hair turning gray is like our body running out of ink. 

the sentence "no dogs allowed; guide dogs excepted." has the same meaning as "no dogs allowed; guide dogs accepted." even though accepted and excepted have

pop-stars aren't really artists, they are just instruments for producers. 

if a baby is born at 1 am est in new york (10 pm pst the previous day), and a baby is born one hour later in los angeles (11 pm pst, 2 am est), the second

a tv channel where all the shows are set in the same universe. 

deviled eggs seem like an inappropriate food for easter. 

i can't be the only one that is sick of pretending to be sad when a famous person that had no impact on my life dies.

between my drinking, language, and having sex with my wife, my life would be rated r.

a baseball signed by me is worth less than an unsigned baseball 

my parents were once young, scared shitless, and just trying to find their way in the world. they fought sleep deprivation, made huge financial sacrifices,

menus should include prep times so you can order based on how much time you have to eat.

the dursleys were mean and bitter because the had been exposed to a horcrux for eleven years.

i bet mailmen sometimes try to get in to the passenger's side of their cars after work.

maybe fog is the matrix having graphics card problems and is turning down the draw distance

why isn't tinder's slogan "we have the tinder, all you need is a match?" 

at one point in history there was someone who was the first to shoot a human with a gun and kill them. they were literally the first person shooter.

"i feel stupid and contagious" from smells like teen spirit by nirvana would be a great slogan against the anti-vaccine movement.

mark zuckerberg should donate $53 million to one of taylor swift's charities and tweet a photo of the check @kanyewest

we live in a world where gta is a kid's game and candy crush is an adult's game

cinema seats should have headphone jack sockets so you can bring your own headphones and not listen to the dick talking throughout the whole of

if men can "think with the wrong head" does that mean women "talk with the wrong lips" sometimes?

how did hamsters ever survive in the wild? 

there should be a show called "are you smarter than an adult?" meant to put 5th graders back in their place. they'd be asked questions like "what day are

who's crazier? a man who believes he has a talking dog? or a man who ignores consistently great advice from his dog?

let's take a moment to appreciate that mother nature not only pre-sliced but also pre-wrapped oranges.

ants have succesfully colonised all continents except, ironically, antarctica. 

for april fools day the onion should become a perfectly regular news site 

people who say that 'wikipedia can be edited by anyone to say anything' would be greatly disappointed if they attempted to do so

so many gifs i've seen just make me wonder, "why were you filming that in the first place?"

no matter how badly you mess up benedoozle cumberbombs name, people will still know who you're talking about.

dickbutt is a synonym for cocktail 

five hours feels like an awful lot when you're awake, but precious little when you're asleep

you are more likely to lose your job by being a dentist shooting a lion than a cop shooting a person

if we ever developed the technology to electronically send smells, the only thing anyone would ever use it for is tricking your friends into smelling your

spacesuits are literally made to protect astronauts from nothing 

nothing is on fire, fire is on things 

i wonder how many times i've been in a photo unintentionally and if people have framed photos of me in their houses because i'm in the background of

humans are half-centaur, half-minotaur 

stan lee should get himself filmed saying multiple lines with a green screen background so even if he dies, he still appears in marvel movies

when a deaf person gets their teeth cleaned, the tables are turned. they can communicate freely while the hygienist is forced to stop working in their

porn is the only movie genre where most of the main characters are female 

whenever c-3p0 exclaimed "thank the maker!" in the original trilogy, he was referring to darth vader.

i manage my money in a game better than i do in real life. 

snails would be a lot scarier if they were fast. 

if you step on a person's foot they open their mouth, just like a trashcan 

the stupidest people i've met in my life had no idea they were stupid... so i could be stupid too and not know it.

can chewbacca even say chewbacca? shouldn't his name be something like rawwwraaraar?

if anyone should be pro-marijuana, it's the snack food industry. 

most of my adult life has been about solving problems i created for myself between the ages of 16 and 26 ...

call of duty games will continue to progress through history until the point at which we're basically playing halo

this entire month is pi month. 

bars should have an area for designated drivers so all the sober people can hang out with each other

if marijuana ever does become legal, ziploc is going to take quite a hit. 

medusa is the only female that can turn a guy off and get him rock hard at the same time.

what if the only thing made in china was the sticker that said "made in china" 

maybe cats are jerks because god gave them the ability to lick their own genitals but gave them a tongue like sandpaper.

2016 is feeling more and more like that bit in the movies where the time traveller accidentally kills a bug and when he returns, the world is not quite

whenever i talk to my co-workers at work we talk about our personal lives, but whenever we hang out outside of work, we talk about work.

a crush is called a crush because he/she will most likely crush your feelings 

maybe the rapture is happening and god is taking the best musicians first for sound check before the party...

if i'm ever being followed in a car, i'm gonna go to a fast food drive-thru and test their commitment.

the boston tea party turned the entire ocean into a really, really weak cup of tea.

apple is the starbucks of technology. hugely popular, cheaply made, and everybody raves about it when it's not at all the best stuff on the market.

there should be a holiday called galaxy day. where nasa shuts everything down (no light pollution) and everyone goes outside to look at the stars.

i wish the cure would send cease and desist letters to the susan g. komen foundation

if i were immortal, i would have to be extra careful not to get trapped somewhere with no way to get out.

if someone tells you that you're the pineapple to their pizza, you don't know if it's a really good or really bad thing.

if a dick was like other muscles and got bigger through regular exercises, gyms would be a lot weirder.

you know your job sucks if people get sentenced to do it as community service 

if you’re rich and you pay no taxes, you’re a genius. if you’re poor and you pay no taxes, you’re a moocher.

american children under the age of about 7 or 8 don't know what it's like to have a white man as president.

if you cut wolverine in half straight down the middle, and kept them separate, would each half grow back, making two wolverines?

socializing is like going to the gym for me. i know it's good for me and once i'm doing it, i actually enjoy it, but i will try every excuse in the book to

can we crowdfund mike tyson to win martin shkreli "one punch in the face" auction?

i think it would be funny when our kids turn 5 to tell them if they lie or misbehave their teeth will start falling out

i have spent well over 120,000 hours wearing pants, and therefore according to malcolm gladwell i am a complete master of the subject.

some scooby doo episodes would be a lot shorter if they just went to the costume store first and asked a couple of questions.

bill cosby being a gynecologist in the cosby show makes a whole lot of sense all of a sudden.

if we got "you are now manually breathing" to the front page, it would affect a lot of people.

of the roughly 7 billion people on this planet, i've managed to capture your attention

siri should respond to me at the same volume level that i spoke at. 

when my iphone says "siri not available" it should be in a voice other than siri's.

marvin the martian was the ref in space jam because he's both an alien and a looney toon - he's neutral.

i really miss snapping my flip-phone shut 

the better the porn video, the less likely i am to see to the end of it. 

if i were invisible i'd go to paris and beat up a street mime...the amount of applause he would get would be incredible

flossing is the opposite of masturbation. nobody does it but everyone says they do.

every word is literally a made-up word. 

all accounts should have a "i lied about my age before" option for when you actually turn 18.

"don't take the 'christ' out of christmas"... roman pagans were probably saying something equivalent when christians hijacked their saturnalia festival

chinese alphabet soup must be crazy. 

when i was a kid i thought finding worms in apples was going to be a much bigger problem than it has turned out to be!

i wonder if people who have sex with animals care about the gender of said animal. "i'd screw a pig but not a boy pig, i ain't gay."

technically, any drink that has calories is an energy drink. 

as an adult i don't procrastinate; i just straight out ignore my responsibilities.

i wonder if 50



if you pretend fox news is a satire, it's like having colbert back.. 

do zubats think they're really strong because everyone runs away from them? 

acquired taste is the stockholm syndrome of the flavor world. 

youtube should add a feature where you can't like or dislike a video until you've watched a certain percentage of the video's length

airports should have post offices in them so you can mail home all the crap you can't bring onto the plane

what if all 'senseless murderers' were actually heroes sent back in time to assassinate people who would become genocidal dictators in the future?

both 10 am and 12 am come before 11 am 

the shittier your camera, the higher chance you'll encounter some rare, creepy, unidentified creature

the difference between $0 and $1m seems significantly larger in my brain than the difference between $1m and $2m.

broth is like meat tea 

somewhere out there, there is a bottle of cesar salad dressing with an expiration date of march 15th.

the internet is full of cats because dog people go outside. 

the worst part about food poisoning is that you paid for it. 

mick jagger, 72, is having a kid, his 8th, with his 29 year old girlfriend, who is 16 years younger than his oldest child, which is 45. but two moms or

reddit needs a youtube filter just like it's nsfw filter. there is nothing worse than clicking a youtube link when you thought it was a gif.

i wonder if michelle and barack are doing it in every nook and cranny of the whitehouse for one last time.

the number "0" is literally a portal that separates the positive and negative numbers from each other

"i've never watched any of your movies all the way to the end" is an insult when you say it to a normal actor, but a complement when you say it to a porn

there are two types of people in this world. those who clear remaining time when they're done with the microwave, and monsters.

dogs are the wolves who sold out to the man 

religion is like a thousand year long game of telephone 

all pregnant women are bodybuilders. 

there should be a subreddit for road trips called "r/wethereyet" 

i want to see bear grylls survive living in san francisco for a month on minimum wage

david bowie died, and a week later we have a new planet. i think he actually was from outer space.

all horror movies should show bloopers before credits so that you don't get nigthmares after watching a really scary movie.

the phrase "i love you too" can be written as "i love you &lt;3" as well. 

when your grandmother says "that's nice dear." it's equivalent to "cool story bro."

if one of the muppets gives you a blowjob, are you getting a handjob as well? 

i bet more people would use the gamblers addiction hotline if 1 out of every 5 callers got a prize.

as a redditor who doesn't play fallout i feel like a 1



if bruce willis dies from viagra overdose, the headline will read "bruce willis dies hard"

the titanic's swimming pool is still full 

/r/gonewild is the friend zone version of porn: girls want attention and validation from the guys but they don't actually want anything to do with

i can make up any til i want and then link a really long wikipedia page and 99

true. 

humans have a 16 hour battery life 

lesbian friends with benefits should be called breast friends 

a boomerang warehouse hit with a tornado wouldn't lose any boomerangs. 

someone should organize a tribute show honoring weird al where the original artists perform his parody versions of their songs for him.

ebay is pig latin for be. 

politicians should have to wear the logos of companies / interest groups that they get money from on their suits like nascar drivers.

women's haircuts are considered good if people notice them; men's haircuts are considered good if people don't notice them.

why do adult sites have a share button? who watches porn and then thinks 'dave would fucking love this'

7 x 9 = 63, 8 x 8, which is in the middle, is 64, one more. this rule applies to all 3 sequential numbers e.g. 4 x 6 = 24, 5 x 5 = 25

why don't pizza companies have icecream -style trucks drive around in the evenings making pizzas on request? i would come running if i heard the pizza

i have noticed that when all the lights are on, people tend to talk about what they are doing – their outer lives. sitting round in candlelight or firelight,

the number 14233221 describes itself; it has one four, two threes, three twos, and two ones.

five months ago, i was ecstatic when gas went below $2/gallon to $1.90/gallon. now i am pissed that it went from $1.70/gallon to $1.90/gallon

netflix needs a "this item will be removed in x days" so i can binge watch shows in the right order.

when you "bite down" on something, you're actually "biting up" because you can't move your top jaw

if cindy lou who got her ph.d., she would be doctor who. 

horses went from pulling the cart to getting towed around in trailers. that's a pretty good deal.

tesla should come out with a cologne called elon musk. 

'dad bod' should have been called father figure instead 

a cancer researchers job is to unemploy themselves 

a 5 year old would never understand the top comment in any /r/explainlikeimfive post

when jogging, we put on special clothes so people don't think we are running from or to something.

getting a blow job is literally having "the life sucked out of you." 

my wife often repeats herself. i'm starting to wonder if i'm trapped in a video game and i married an npc.

they should make episodes of how it's made where they don't tell you what item they are making until the end.

water is just rusty hydrogen 

maybe the reason why fundamentalist religious types are always going on about how films and video games are a bad influence is because they're the kind of

the only reason i read comments on reddit is to find someone who has the same reaction to a post as me but can communicate their thoughts better.

when you lay a sand timer on its side, it looks like an infinity sign and the timer stops

we named every moon in our solar system, but not our own. 

google self-driving car should have an "i'm feeling lucky" button that drives you to a random location.

i wonder if i've ever synced poops with queen elizabeth. 

if my wish that my son becomes batman ever comes true, i won't be around to see it happen.

in 40 years when they remake the harry potter movies daniel radcliffe will probably play a minor character and children won't believe you when you say

one hundred years ago, purchasing imported products from foreign countries used to be considered an expensive luxury. now purchasing products made in

most of the time bleeping out a curse word in a song is the only reason i knew there was a curse word in the song

if taylor swift did an ama, it would be the perfect opportunity for a surprise kanye west ama.

i wouldn't click an ad on google, even if it's exactly what i was looking for. 

you're not the first person to read this sentence, but you are the most recent.

someone should sell a book on ebay called "how to scam people online" and never ship it to customers.

what if fetishes are inherited genetically but none of us know because we are all too awkward and embarrased to admit them to our families.

i just realized today on the beach that sand is called sand because it's between the sea and land

very few things on reddit are as useless as the nsfw tag on shower thoughts. 

at 4:16 p.m. and 16 seconds today, the date and time will be: 1/6/16 16:16:16. 

by going out in public, you're trusting hundreds or thousands of people to not kill you

opening your eyes during a prayer is usually frowned upon by religious people, but the only ones who will catch you doing it are the ones that do it

marshall mathers. mm. m and m. eminem. i am stupid. 

the saying "you win some, you lose some" is only brought up when you lose one. 

interesting how you use a ladle to get broth and go to a brothel to get laid. 

being "up for pizza," "down for pizza," or "in for pizza," all mean that you're "on board for pizza."

guns is another name for arms and arms is another name for guns. 

most women won't date a guy that still lives with his mom, but they will date a guy that still lives with his wife.

suicide doesn't ends the pain. it passes to someone else. 

when we kill mosquitos after we notice they landed on us, we are naturally selecting stealthy mosquitos to reproduce.

i spent my whole childhood wishing i was older. now i'm older... and it sucks. 

everyone that you see in the grocery store is buying ingredients for poop. 

an entire generation of teenagers who do not know every word to the fresh prince of bel-air theme song will soon exist.

i cannot look at a word without reading it. 

it’s becoming more socially acceptable to be a marijuana smoker than a cigarette smoker.

it should be a law that kids have to join the workforce full-time for a few years before they start high school. if i could have grasped how much working

i bet in 1989, when people were watching back to the future ii and wondering what 2015 would be like, very few people guessed we'd be getting psyched up

children are a very expensive reminder of that one time you got laid. 

when information was difficult to obtain, college was cheap. now that information is easy to access, college tuition has skyrocketed.

it's gorgeous outside today. on my drive in to work, i passed a man under the freeway overpass. no shoes, drink in his hand, talking to himself, watching

when i die, i want my grave to offer free wifi so that people visit more often.

what if homosexuality is a product of evolution and is becoming more prevalent as the population grows because it acts as a mechanism for preventing the

if the 'fresh prince' had made that shot, there'd be no show. 

the fact that /r/mildlyinteresting has over 10x subscribers as /r/interestingasfuck proves the advice of under promising and over delivering.

i'd rather overhear a compliment than get one face-to-face. 

silence is the only thing that's easier done than said. 

if five slaves had an orgy in the 1800's, it would be considered a three way. 

anti vaxxers think it's worse to raise a kid with autism than to let a kid die of measles

everyone is praising boyhood for letting us see a child grow up on screen, but at the same time they're ignoring the fact that harry potter did it first,

the fact that we have mcdonald's in wal-mart and starbucks in target says a a lot about the demographics.

calling a girl a bitch implies she's being aggressive, but calling a guy a bitch implies he's being passive.

the reason patrick is so clueless is because he lives under a rock 

not giving a nickname to your pokemon is like calling your dog by its breed. 

the superstition that walking under ladders is bad luck was probably started by guys who didn't want to get knocked off their ladders.

lenny ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) was only typed once, and then has been copy and pasted ever since.

if i had the power to go back in time once, i'd probably save that power like my rare potions in video games and eventually finish the game without using

i am one half centaur. 

"hot as fuck" and "cold as fuck" are the same temperature. 

what if i'm severely retarded but i think i'm a functional human being because everyone i've ever met has felt sorry for me and treated me as an equal?

high iq can result in the ability to create brilliant justifications for doing terribly stupid things.

if rand paul were to run for president and select paul ryan as his running mate, their campaign ticket (ex. obama biden 2012) would read paul ryan

trees are just backwards lungs. both functionally, and structurally. 

why doesn't reddit do a pink nsfw for kinky links and a red one for the messed up ones

i never realized what phenomenal aim ash ketchum has with a pokeball until i missed hitting a pidgey 5 times.

growing up playing monopoly i was lead to believe that there is such a thing as a bank error in my favor.

if all previous presidents were black, barack obama would be the first white president

in the 90s there was a huge push to get kids to not talk to strangers. shortly after, the internet was created.

if prisons let prisoners take their own mugshots, would it be called cellfies? 

if my name was norman stein, i'd have a son and name him frank n. stein and strongly urge him to get a phd. thereby successfully completing the ultimate

when i was a kid, bart was my hero and homer was a zero. now i understand everything homer does and bart is just an annoying smart ass.

an organist is an organism that is an organization of organs playing the organ.

if we all stop paying for internet, companies would give it to us for free because of the loss in profits. amazon, e-bay, facebook, google,

when my dad shouts at a sport on tv, hes showing his passion for the sport. when i shout at a video game, i'm an 'angry nerd'

scooby-doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans. 

"condoms are for pussies" would be a great pro-condom slogan. 

it's called being "broke" because you don't work 

telling someone that changing subjects in a conversation is your fetish would put them in a very awkward position.

when i was a child, every time i asked how to spell a word, my parents told me to look it up in the dictionary. at the time i thought it was some kind of

if a woman has sex with different men every week, people will make fun of her vagina being loose from overuse, but no one will make that joke about a woman

if all other humans disappeared, my first indication would not be empty streets but a standstill of reddit and facebook.

does my doctor have his own doctor? if so, can't i just ask his doctor who his doctor is and so on until i follow the chain to the world's ultimate doctor?

i wonder if i've ever eaten two fruit that grew from the same tree 

similar to how swimming has a bunch of races using different strokes, track should have a bunch of races using different running styles. 100 meter crab

sometimes when i click a link tagged, "nsfw" or "nsfl" and they take more than a few seconds to load, i click back. i feel like that's the internet's way of

i've seen more naked ladies than any of the greatest kings of centuries past 

there are 8 times a day (am/pm) where the time is sequential: 1:23, 2:34, 3:45, 4:56... and they are each 71 minutes apart..

"well, i never" is the posh, old-timey version of "i can't even" 

the poops of tomorrow are in the mouths of today. 

there should be a subreddit where you post a photo of your mother and father, and state your gender. then, like photoshopbattles, people can try and make

if a homeless person were to be placed under house arrest, would he be free to go any where he wants?

a pun is like an inside joke for an entire language. 

there was an alien invasion of the moon in 1969. 

why don't wheelchairs have pedals for when your arms get tired? 

being completely naked feels less naked than being naked with shoes on. 

if i were gay, i'd only date guys my size, so we could share clothes. 

spiderman would be way less cool if he wasn't living in a city full of skyscrapers.

it took me 23 years to realize that "be there or be square" is because you're not a-round.

there should be a movie character that appears in different movies but keeps the same appearance and name ,whilst having their own story line, like an

that "no alcohol beyond this point" might as well say, "bet you can't chug that whole beer"

the olympics should be held in one place forever so they only have to pay maintenance costs to keep it up to standards. and it should outside of any

its okay to say that you hate people, but not a specific kind of people. 

if you watch weezer's "buddy holly" video, you are experiencing 1990s nostalgia about 1970s nostalgia about 1950s nostalgia.

when i was 12 i thought 18 year olds looked 30. today at 30 i think 18 year olds look 12.

the entire internet can be used to talk about the amish behind their backs 

/r/meatball would be a meatball sub 

if i shout out "god is great!" right now on this packed subway i may get some strange looks. if i shout out "god is great!" in arabic however i may cause a

if i have my dogs ball cut off, i'm a responsible pet owner, but if i cut off the balls o my unemployed brother who has 6 kids who he can't provide for i'm

i wonder how many "netflix and chill" babies have been born so far. 

a dead person should be referred to as a "human been" instead of a "human being"

being in love is the easiest way to have sex with the most beautiful woman in the world.

the division sign ÷ represents a fraction where the dots are numbers 

you should be able to tag a snapchat nsfw when you send it, so the person who gets if knows if they can open it in public or not

i see kids at my college driving $60,000 cars yet earlier today i used quarters to buy gas.

the "forgot your password" pages on websites should include their criteria on special characters, capital letters, etc.

it's like england had three sons, america rebelled as a teen and started a band that saw great success, canada was the good kid that became a doctor, and

canada and the us should just combine their independence days into one four-day binge drinking, fireworks, and bbq bonanza.

beef jerky is like a meat raisin. 

does anyone know what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh, or are we all just taking their word for it and telling others?

facebook is like the tiny town you grew up in and always wanted to escape, while reddit is like nyc and it's noisy and you're anonymous.

i feel like i'm the charismatic leader of a cult my dogs are in. 

apple stores are better than microsoft stores because the most expert and passionate apple users work there, whereas the most passionate and expert

if you're going to kill yourself, hire a hit man to do it. it will be exciting to get chased for awhile.

8 mile is the only movie where everyone actively roots for the white guy to prevail over all the black characters.

our heart is a muscle that takes a lifetime to get tired. 

prince william and the royal babies sounds like a euphamism for your dick and balls.

making fun of overweight people at the gym is like making fun of an alcoholic trying to go to rehab

reality has made the onion almost obsolete these past few months 

a bra is a booby trap 

as i get older, birthday parties are less about presents and more about presence.

all of my friends are getting married, and i'm still trying to get over the fact that oranges are pre-sliced by nature.

reddit is the opposite of facebook. reddit is people you don't know posting things you care about. facebook is people you know posting things you don't

40 years from now, people in retirement homes will probably play videogames instead of bingo

bill gates should change his name to trill gates if he becomes a trillionaire. 

without life, the universe would never have known it existed. 

someone should start an uber-like service just with pick up trucks to help move beds or pick up big packages.

1-3 and 1,2,3 sounds the same and means the same. 

"netflix and chill" used to actually work before everybody gave it a name 

being trapped in a room of helium would be a dark yet very comedic way to die. 

if my wife would get dressed as fast as she used to when her parents came home early, we would never be late to dinner.

if you make something easier for yourself they call you lazy. if you make something easier for everyone else they call you a genius.

i wish that youtube had a "i don't want to see this video ever again." button. 

the opposite of an island is a lake. 

"my entire life has led up to this moment" is always true. 

every time i put on my seat belt while driving, i am basically wearing a 2 ton, turbocharged, speed suit that helps me accelerate to 60 mph in under 6

you should be able to scan the barcode of books you already own and get an ebook version for free.

anyone who thinks that the word "dude" is not a gender-neutral pronoun is probably taking life too seriously.

as a california resident, i could save some water by thinking less in the shower

i am 136 - 0 for not finding a dead prostitute in the hotel rooms i've rented in my life.

when kanye retires, he should release "kanye's greatest hits", an album containing every song he's ever released on it

in the original "dracula" movie from 1931, dracula and van helsing are played by bela lugosi and edward van sloan. so their names are..."bela" and "edward".

i use twitter to talk to people i wish i knew, facebook to talk to people i wish i didn't know, and reddit to talk to people i don't know

the opposite of chevy chase is ford escape. 

being ugly is cool, because then you know people like you for your personality 

in the near future, most grandparents will be way better at video games than their grandchildren due to sheer experience.

to date, i still haven't heard a better version of hallelujah than the one on the shrek soundtrack.

after watching 'toy story' as a chid, i used to feel guilty when i played with some toys more than others

if you choose to take an online iq test, and the result is, "your score has been generated and can be accessed for only $19.99", your iq probably isn't

if jimmy john's wanted to open an upscale version of their restaurant, they could call it "james johnathan's."

in the word, "eight," the only letter you pronounce properly is the "t." 

i wonder how many girls i would have been interested in have checked me out and i've just walked away oblivious?

mcdonald's should use girl scout cookies in its mcflurry's. it would raise a lot of money for the girl scouts of the usa and taste delicious!

if we legalize marijuana around the world, we will enter the dank age. 

i would love to watch a romcom where the fiancé is a great guy, the deadbeat guy who tries to steal the girl away is just a dead beat, she doesn't cheat on

there should be a system where you send companies proof that you purchased their product, and then you don't have to watch their commercials anymore.

there is a teenager in italy who masturbated for the first time in his/her life just before the earthquake started. he low-key believes it was because of

toddlers and tiaras seems like it's both a prequel and sequel to 16 and pregnant

the usa doesn't have a name for their country. they just use a description and a vague location.

the only time i press the caps lock key intentionally, is to turn it off when i pressed it by accident.

why are the words "shampoo" and "conditioner" the hardest ones to find on the bottle?

your capability is literally the cap to your ability 

the day is already 33



apple is vain enough to capitalize apple in my texts because they always think i'm talking about them and couldn't possibly be referencing the fruit humans

youtube should have an "audio only" option (for lectures, music etc) to save bandwidth

this time next month it'll be march. 

my cats are virgins that never leave the house and make someone else bring them food. my cats are neckbeards.

if you're ever insecure about your body, just remember: pornhub wouldn't keep its bbw category if it wasn't making them money

so many people die every day that we've never actually checked to make sure that the sun would rise without a human sacrifice.

no matter when the world ends, there will be an unlucky kid somewhere just about to get his first blowjob.

we will know when gay culture is fully accepted when rappers rap about their gay boyfriends.

if [deleted] had a user page, it'd probably be the most entertaining read on all of reddit.

a swear jar is literally a jar of fucks given. 

maybe they're the main character because they don't die instead of not dying because they're the main character

there should be an app like tinder but for jobs. like hey you have 42 jobs that meet your qualifications near you. then the company can swipe left for

this is the most engaged america has been in a debate about color in a long time

it should be allowed to use a paintbrush as a knife in paintball 

if bud light was part of the box tops program, my kid's school would have a planetarium and a hockey team.

snape was so obsessed with getting the defense against the dark arts job because he knew it would be harry's most important class, and wanted to teach

if i had a dollar for every time a person over 40 said my generation sucks, i'd have enough money to buy a house in the economy they ruined.

morgan freeman's voice sounds even better in his own head. 

if satan punishes the bad guys, doesn't that make him a good guy? 

i wonder how many couples will find out they both have ashley madison accounts.

half of 8 is 4. half of 8 is also 3. half of 8 can also be 0 

tobacco companies kill their best customers 

having a favorite color turned out to be less important than i expected as a child.

if you don't choose to have a kid,you are at the end of a 4 billion year old chemical process that finally just said "screw it".

profanity has become so common in my vocabulary that i now express my outrage by refraining from using it

i've raided more tombs in skyrim than i have in tomb raider 

if i was a school teacher, i'd intentionally use memes incorrectly, just to drive the little shits crazy

if cats ran society, catnip might be an illegal drug; if they had pet humans, they might buy marijuana to watch us get wonky.

alocohol should be served in capri-sun styled pouches; when you can't get the straw through the hole anymore, you've had enough.

if you're 1 in a million, then there's 7,125 people exactly like you. 

what if as a show of good faith toward north korea, seth rogen and james franco visit north korea to apologize to kim jong un in person, only to

why do we even have gender deodorants, if i'm a grown ass man and i want to smell like cocoa butter kisses, fuck it i will.

i can't decide if people who wear pyjamas in public have given up on life or are living it to the fullest.

all us reddit users are just like children sitting awkwardly at the dinner table while their parents fight.

"sweater" is kind of a gross name for a piece of clothing 

say in public that you had sex and people will think that you're weird. say in public that you're pregnant and people will congratulate you.

i can't look at a word without reading it 

clickbait writers should be sentenced to read an entire novel, spread out such that each sentence is on a separate page, located underneath a picture of a

the mirror may well be the most photographed object this century. 

subway should not have had such a catchy jingle about 5 dollar footlongs, because now their 6 dollar footlongs seem like a rip off....

30 years ago, my parents were horrified that my sister was a lesbian but it was okay that she smoked. today i'm horrified that my daughter smokes but its

every time you feel thirsty or hungry, it's your body letting you know that you're beginning to die

people don't like it when you share your opinion. they only like when you share their opinion.

for those born on november 22, 1989 you have a special birthday in the year 2033. why? on 11/22/33 you're turning 44.

it's actually pretty likely that i'll be in physical vicinity of one of you in real life but neither of us will have any idea that we had this brief

"act naturally" is an oxymoron. 

luis suarez should do one of those "you're not you when you're hungry" snickers commercials

the more adventuring a knight does, the more banged up his armor gets. so if you get rescued by a knight in shining armor, you probably got rescued by a

have you ever thought about the significance of a father calling his kid a "little squirt"?

snapchat should have a nsfw tag you can check so you don't open nudes in public

the numbers, in alphabetical order, go 8549176320 

we think of alcohol smugglers during the prohibition period differently than we do our neighborhood drug dealer, but they essentially have done the exact

if the "six million dollar man" show were set in the present day, instead of a bionic man it would just be a guy that had two knee replacements.

sriracha is becoming the pumpkin spice of hot sauces. 

the moral of "the tortoise and the hair" folktale is "slow and steady wins the race," but it should really just be "don't be cocky".

when i first joined reddit and say a red envelope, i thought 'oh cool, a conversation', now all i think is that i'm being yelled at for whatever i

"the server just went down on me" has very different meaning in an it office than it does in a restaurant

as a student, there is nothing better than finally finishing a project, then being able to close out all of the tabs in my browser related to that project.

cyber monday is the perfect day to unsubscribe from all unwanted marketing emails because you'll be emailed by every single one of them.

every public bathroom toilet should have a foot pedal to flush instead of a handle.

i go on reddit in the morning to see if there's anything serious happening in the world, because i know if i see "this tomato looks like a duck" on the

"i tagged your sister on a post" would sound pretty offense 20 years ago. 

you spend your entire childhood being told not to talk to strangers but as an adult its one of the most important things you have to do.

the chinese should name a city 'usa' so they can label their products 'made in usa'.

the prehistoric men, the ones who discovered fire, who migrated across earth, forming the civilizations and technology we have today, are invariably some of

what if walmart was as poorly lit as hollister. 

if i punch myself in the face and it hurts...does that make me weak or strong? 

when my laptop is plugged in and i'm using headphones there is essentially a continuous string of wires/technology connecting my body to some power plant

what if breaking bad was just an elaborate cover up to produce tons of meth? 

as a programmer, my job is to explain to machines what humans want them to do. 

cars can drive themselves, phones are voice activated, and i can pay for groceries with my phone-- but elevators still don't have a "cancel" button.

the simpsons had a better under the dome story than under the dome. 

we are expected to do our jobs as if we don't have children and at the same time raise our children as if we don't have jobs.

deaf hipsters are the ultimate hipsters because they're into things even they haven't heard about.

it's still illegal to do butt sex in some states. some gay men can't even consummate their marriage. poor bastards.

dildo factories probably don't have "take your daughter to work day." 

snapchat's motto on the app store is "life's more fun when you live in the moment :)" which is the exact opposite of what happens when you use the app.

if your rapping career ever falls through, you can always be the guy on medicine commercials who lists the side effects

if we ever send the first 'avengers' film up in a space probe we should categorise it as a 'documentary' so that if aliens ever find it, they would

why does every one associate satan with heavy metal? for all we know, he might like smooth jazz

youtube ads aren't getting me to watch more ads. they're just getting me to watch less youtube.

learn to distinguish between a person who talks to you in their free time &amp; a person who frees time to talk to you

everything i have ever lost, is somewhere 

dog food can say it's any flavor it wants, it's not like you're going to test it.

the jackass crew should get together for a christmas special where they recreate the traps from home alone 1 &amp; 2.

the last day of the olympics should be all the gold medalists playing dodge ball until we have an ultimate champion.

'xxx' starring vin diesel is the hardest movie to pirate. 

links go purple after you visit them because blue and "read" make purple. 

now 26, i've realized the first place i look at when i see a woman now is her left ring finger

why do they offer 2014 as an option when selecting your birth date? like you're fresh out of the womb ready to join gmail.

for april fool's day, howtobasic should upload a video where he tidily prepares a genuine meal

ice cube rapped about how he opposes the police, but now he is always a cop or law enforcement of some kind in the movies.

since taking my smartphone to the toilet, i know much less about my shampoo ingredients

stranger things had to be set in the 80s because half their problems could have been solved if everyone had a cell phone.

my mom says that i'm growing up to be just like my dad, but they've been divorced for over 25 years... is she secretly telling me that she hates me?

if the curiosity rover has a twitter account it should also have reddit account where it can post mars-themed tils

female masturbation is more taboo than male masturbation; yet male sex toys are much more taboo than female ones.

being unique is so common that twins are interesting to us. 

as a twenty-something. i have no concept of what my parents were like at my age. my future children however will have gigabytes of evidence of what i was

if i were to be diagnosed with cancer, i would cut off all my long hair before beginning chemo and have a wig made from my own hair.

"do it like they do on the discovery channel" now means people should gather at abandoned storage units and bid on them.

if i drank enough water, my piss would be cleaner than the tap water in flint, mi

"chewing" and "eating" are very similar things, but "getting chewed out" and "getting eaten out" are very different.

star wars has basically done the opposite of product placement. instead of real life brands creeping in to the film, the film has crept in to every brand

they should make a lesbian version of grindr called scissr 

i have no way of knowing how many things i've forgotten that i said i'll never forget.

the u.s. should substitute a national voting day as a federal holiday in place of columbus day as a federal holiday.

sometimes when i post on reddit i feel like that outsider in a group of really good friends just trying to fit in...

reddit should have a no usa day where posts concerning the us are banned, letting us see what's going on in the rest of the world more clearly.

fallout 4 should have a catmeat companion that doesn't follow any commands and occasionally sits in front of terminals while you're trying to use them.

goats are like gift cards for 3rd world countries. 

if you have x-ray vision, and you can see through anything, wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing?

when nicki minaj says "i've got a big, fat ass" at the end of "anaconda," it's a tl;dr for the lyrics.

instead of creating shit like the apple watch, apple should develop a phone that could survive being dropped without the use of a $60 case.

the united states now has several territories paying taxes without receiving federal representation - exactly the reason we rebelled against england.

charlie sheen having aids is like hearing snoop dogg failed a drug test. 

tom had to be the dumbest if he got a whole new level of foolery named after him.

michael jackson simultaneously blurred the line between black and white, man and woman, and grown-up and child.

the lyrics, "it's the end of the world as we know it" use two prononciations of "the" in the same line.

no matter how many kids are waiting to see santa, you can't open up another line with a second santa

i wonder how many times i've died playing online games and ended up on someone else's youtube montage video.

i will be the last person to die in my lifetime. 

a significant amount of people are going to fuck cups for the first time today.

my imaginary friend has a real friend. 

getting married at 21 is like leaving the party at 9:15 pm 

they just discovered sharks around greenland that have been swimming non-stop for longer than the us has been a country.

we can no longer tell children they're like 'a broken record' because they won't understand. instead, we have to tell them they are 'acting like a

underwear should be sold in packs of seven... 

the letter b in the word "subtle" is doing a nice job of it. 

premarital sex isn't really premarital sex if you don't get married 

reading is just staring at a dead piece of wood for hours and hallucinating 

20 years ago, high schools put wrecked cars out front to remind students to never drink and drive. today it's to remind them to never text and drive. 20

caffeine is the only drug i'm addicted to, but my nation's drug policy tries to convince me that my occasional use of marijuana and lsd are the real

walmart and others should offer a live stream on black fridays of their stores for people to watch as entertainment!

the only difference between a regular dot and a polka-dot, is the absence or presence of other dots

the worst thing about 'suicide squad' will be the influx of people thinking harley quinn and the joker are 'relationship goals.'

if you are "god fearing" and believe god loves you... that sounds like an abusive relationship.

march 4th is the only date that is a sentence. 

if i was born after nine months, and an hour before me, a premature baby was born after seven-and-a-half months, they would be older than me despite

forget "slow and steady wins the race." the real moral of the tortoise and the hare is that talent and skill are useless if you're lazy, irresponsible and

my dog is an organic doorbell with only 10



the acronym of "float like a butterfly, sting like a bee" is "flab slab" 

isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you. you feel more paranoid than protected?

the blood you donated could possibly be another male's erection right now. 

we live in a world where trained cops can panic &amp; act on impulse, but untrained civilians must remain calm with a gun in their face.

dating apps like tinder should partner with bars/restaurants and offer incentives such as a free drink or free appetizer if the two people meet at

if i could suddenly breathe underwater it would probably take me a long time to find out.

if "sword" was a dirty word, it might be referred to as the "s-word". 

in the future buying a manual car won't be buying a car that has a manual transmission. it will be buying a car that isn't self driving.

if i was granted 50

probably just end up with twice as much crap instead of more money in the bank.

i'd never buy a used mattress, but sleeping in a hotel doesn't bother me at all.

god bless public restrooms with paper towels instead of those blow thingys 

pixar's cars is literally a car toon 

there should be an app where i can enter in my eyeglass prescription and the screen will adjust so that i don't need to wear my glasses when using my

if you were to miss school because of hypothermia, you would literally be too cool for school.

i wonder who the lowest level employee is at area 51 

"in case of contact with eyes" warning labels will probably be hardest to read when i most need them

i should install switches on my car's dash that don't do anything. when someone gets in my car i'll look them dead in the eye and say "buckle up."

the great wall of china was intended to keep foreigners out of the country. now, as a tourist destination, it's used to bring foreigners into the

hard drive recovery will be a valuable skill for future archaeologists. 

during a full moon, we only see half the moon. 

gay people dress so well because they've been in the closet so long. 

you only have problems if you care. 

i wonder how many of this generation's dads will leave to go buy vape pens and never come back.

if there was a first person daredevil video game it probably wouldn't sell very well.

if my dream girl exists, i’ll never meet her because she prefers to chill at home.

hair dressers should only be allowed to decorate their salons with pictures of people with haircuts they did.

i wonder if people on new years day in the year 3000 will be freaking out that it's the year fry from futurama comes back

if i ate nothing but butterflies, i would probably significally increase the average number of butterflies eaten per person.

an onion forces you to cry over it's dead body. 

i just realized there hasn't been any big 'end of the whole world' hype this year good job everyone

in 2020 it's going to be 420 for a whole month 

porn sites should partner with dating sites, track your kinks, and match you with people who are into the same things.

some poor kid in 'air bud' got cut from the team to make room for the dog 

i wish there was an app that could connect you with people that look exactly like you.

all of aladdin was a story told by the merchant to get us to buy a worthless lamp.

if you got fired from your job at the unemployment office, you'd still have to go to work the next day.

if i ever ran into kanye i'd pretend to be oblivious and ask him to take a picture of me.

the only reason i'm watching the debate tonight is so i understand late night comedy later this week and weekend

church is the worst book club i have ever been to. 

i procrastinate way too much on reddit when i should be playing computer games 

my personal email is used 1





opening a door for someone and that person then opening the 2nd inside door for you is the most instantaneous positive karma return.

they should make a jurassic park film where everyone turns up to the park and enjoys the dinosaurs safely and then returns home to submit positive online

"never odd or even" is "never odd or even" read backwards. 

i wonder if women who go into labor tomorrow will find it funny. 

if you weighed 99 pounds and you ate 1 pound of bacon, you'd be 1



porn sites should end in .cum instead of .com 

the dalai lama is so at peace and relaxed because he doesn't have to worry about rent, a depressing job, family drama, where his next meal is coming from

what orwell failed to predict was that we'd buy the cameras ourselves, and our biggest fear would be that nobody was watching.

some women are world famous for being beautiful. i see women more beautiful than them in real life all the time.

i hope my dog never realizes that i'm full of bones 

aperture science is an allegory for valve. they had an early, massive, innovative success, but are now so concerned about testing their product and

while a picture may be worth a thousand words, a movie is usually only worth half of a book.

i piss and moan about spending $0.99 on an app for the rest of my phone's life, but don't think twice about adding guac for $1.95 on one burrito

you may have accidentally set a random, bizarre world record but didn't realize it

i wonder if utorrent realises that you can download utorrent pro using the normal utorrent.

all polls are biased towards people who are willing to take polls 

it's depressing that we live in a time when i can see a child freezing and looking miserable walking to school but i can't offer a ride without fear of

if the nice ladies messaging me on porn websites know what town i'm in, i shouldn't have to tell accuweather my zip code every time i want to check the

the internet "sluts" doing porn have positively impacted more lives than most people ever will.

there should be a mission in the next gta game where you show up to a drug deal, it goes exactly as planned, and then the mission just ends with everyone

telling someone you shouldn't be sad because other people have it worse than you is like telling someone they can't be happy because someone else is

my father was a proud dad when he taught me how to write. i was a proud son when i taught my dad how to text.

the best high school teachers act like college professors. the worst college professors act like high school teachers.

if kanye runs for president in 2020 and wins, taylor swift should grab the mic and interrupt his inaugural address.

the people who frequently make it on the front page in this sub probably have an extremely high water bill.

there is no food that looks more appetizing than a cartoon pizza. 

if someone would have told me 10 years ago that people in 2016 would be walking around with vaporizing pens i would have thought it would be something

people who turn 47 today have a birth date of 2/4/68. 

i wonder how all of the signatures of people with my name look. 

by slapping mosquitoes, we are weeding out the slow, weak ones that we can hit so that the faster ones can breed

snickers should do an airdrop on pyongyang. north korea turns into a right diva when they're hungry.

someone, somewhere, has reached university and been assigned the dorm room they were conceived in.

i wish there was a title between "boyfriend" and "husband" (or fiance)... i think my 4.5 year relationship warrants more than what middle schoolers refer

swat team members should have their homes randomly raided by a neighboring swat team to better understand the confusion experienced by the suspect.

my pot dealer will front me weed but i can't get approved for a credit card. my credit with my drug dealer is better than it is in real life.

your body is made of new cells every seven years. negative reports drop from your credit after seven years. you're no longer responsible because you are

as an introvert it seems so pointless to hate people for their race, religion, or sexual orientation. get to know them instead, and you'll find there are

in the shawshank redemption, red tells andy that his hope of being a free man again is "a shitty pipe dream", he ends up escaping through a pipe full of

one day, my grandchildren will light up a joint after dinner. i'll say, "when i was your age, they'd have thrown me in jail for that." they'll laugh and say

whenever i misspell a word so badly that auto-correct can't recommend anything, i feel like i've beaten ai by being a moron.

fish jerky is the ultimate insult to fish. first you take the fish out of the water, then you take the water out of the fish.

we get angry at our alarm clock when it wakes us up and just as angry when it fails to wake us up

saying "i lost the stylus for my tablet" would've still made sense over 2000 years ago.

a tree house is the ultimate insult. "i killed your friend, here, hold him." 

if our pupils dilate when we're attracted to someone, is that why some people's smiles "light up the room?"

if i was an optometrist, my business card would say “you'll see! you'll all see!"

if you read "ftfy" as 'fuck that fuck you' rather than 'fixed that for you', it's hilarious.

you should not commit to a tattoo unless you can read your post history from a year ago and not end up asking yourself, "what the fuck was i thinking?"

when i leave a store without buying anything, i feel like everyone thinks i stole something

if chewbacca cannot say chewbacca, where did they get the word chewbacca? 

the reason why ash kept falling for team rocket's shitty schemes and costumes is because ash is a 10 year old child.

the word "suns" is the same upside down 

if tetris was released today for the first time, line pieces would probably be obtainable only through microtransactions.

if bruce wayne invested in the community instead of buying crime fighting toys, there'd probably be a lot less crime to fight.

maybe james bond's middle name is james and his first and last names are bond? 

if you exhale slowly for as long as you can, you will have exhaled at the same time as almost every single person in the world.

i'm more careful with video game currency than i am with actual currency. 

chemotherapy will be one of those medical practices we look back on in a hundred years and feel sorry that we didn't know better.

i could be middle aged right now because i don't know when i'm going to die. 

for-profit prisons should be paid based on whether the inmates get reformed. they should have to house repeat offenders for free.

do people sneeze on purpose around the pope with hopes of getting blessed by him?

satan must get lots of mail from dyslexic children on christmas 

why are people so conflicted about what happens after death, but rarely wonder what happens before birth, since they're likely the same states of

if people ever stop using the word 'baby' to refer to sexual/romantic partners, our era if music is going to be weird to listen to.

i'm not positive on my age, i just trust everyone around me is telling the truth about when i was born.

shoes are just portable floors 

a snowman is a body of water. 

"whoa" expresses awe, and "aww" can express woe 

the use of birth control by responsible people is slowly replacing the human race with irresponsible people who get pregnant unintentionally.

if you look at a clock, you literally see your life tick away by the second. 

if someone ever invents a penis enlargement pill they could never ever sell it online because no one would believe them.

it's illegal for you to prove that i'm not immortal 

the internet is the most successful sun-cancer prevention scheme of all time. 

the only reason that "showerthoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the rare times when you have no access to the internet so therefore you

to a fish a catch and release is much like an alien abduction. 

now taylor swift is the one that wears short skirts and high heels instead of t-shirts and sneakers.

the 'talking mirror' trope from fairy tales probably originated when a careless time-traveler was seen using a smart phone or a tablet.

reading is just staring at marked slices of wood for hours while hallucinating vividly.

i don't think i would recognize my own asshole if you showed it to me 

today reddit thought that the over stock of french fries was more interesting than discovering a new potentially habitable planet.

it is quite weird when an entire boy band sings a love song about one girl. 

my car has driven 106000 miles without ever touching another car. 

people aren't getting dumber, it's just that stupid people get their voice heard easier now

when i think back at how stupid i was 10 years ago, i can't help but wonder what i'm doing right now that's going to make me cringe in 10 years.

shouldn't apartments be called togetherments? 

i live alone and have my own computer, but still use incognito mode for porn. 

it's sad that wile. e. coyote is remembered for his violence rather than his brilliant paintings of tunnels.

if enough olympians contract zika in brazil this summer at least we can look forward to a really kickass special olympics in about 20 years.

i used to be scared of dentists because of the pain, now i'm scared of dentists because of the cost.

every time someone says "ten years ago" i think of the mid-nineties instead of 2006

think of all the medieval chefs who were put to death for "poisoning" kings that had nut allergies.

if we have only discovered 2085 planets and we have very roughly estimated their are 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 exoplanets in the observable

celebrities can check each others' relationship status with wikipedia rather than facebook.

if a woman was pregnant with the spawn of the devil, would the church want her to abort it?

"the leaning tower of pisa" is an anagram for "i spot one giant flaw here" 

letting the two-party system set the criteria for who can debate is like letting walmart decide the rules for where target can open new stores.

all of the best skipping rocks are in the middle of the lake. 

church is just a big book club. 

my apartment is the entire world to my indoor cat. going to the vet is like visiting a galactic hub with strange creatures everywhere.

if two naked gay men laid next to each other, and one of the men's fetish is an erect penis, and the other's a flaccid penis, and both were turned off by

blues singer buddy guy has the most canadian-sounding name ever. 

there should be a section on everyone's profile that shows how much karma they've given

you never realize how many curse words are in a song until it's playing in front of your parents

pacifiers are nipple dildos 

there should be dorms for single adults similar to the ones at colleges. when you’re single, life would be a lot better if you are surrounded by attractive

i wonder if i'm ever in my dogs dreams.. 

why does the price is right have commercials if the whole show is basically advertising products?

every hotel refrigerator should at least fit a pizza box. 

ea should change their slogan from, it's in the game, to its in the dlc 

the saying shouldn't be "money can't buy happiness", but rather "money can't prevent sadness".

i use my mobile phone more when i'm at home than i do when i'm mobile. 

the oldest person alive on earth is also the first person alive out of 7.4 billion people.

gyms should have memberships where your fee goes down based on how often you go.

either the universe had a beginning, or it didn't. either possibility is a mindfuck

i've taken off my pants in most malls that i've been to. 

the difference between revolution and treason is success or failure 

in the 90's the 2 biggest rules were to not get in car with strangers and dont meet with people you met on the internet, now most of us do both regularly

"uranus is full of methane" is correct in both contexts. 

of all the utensils to eat rice with, how did two sticks win? 

in monsters inc, boo could have been speaking perfect english, but we hear it as gibberish because we're hearing it from the monsters perspective who speak

dr. pepper might be a woman and you should be ashamed that you've never considered that until this very moment.

if wolverine has amazing healing capabilities, surely he should not have a belly button, as it should've healed.

what if egyptians actually had a written language, then started using emojis, and that's all that's left?

if anthony weiner ran for president in 2016 and eric holder was his vice president, the campaign bumper stickers would say "weiner holder 2016".

weaponized cannabis would be the most humane military tactic ever developed. you could carpet an entire city in green haze then just waltz in

i have memorized all the digits of pi, i just don't know what order they're in.

i became an adult the day i realized that parking near the entrance is not as good as parking near the cart corral.

instead of shadow bans, banned users should be redirected to an alternate version of a website which they'll have to share with other banned

most guys can probably give a better hand job than most girls 

if we elect a president that has a phd or md we would call him dr. president 

getting married takes signing one document, getting divorced is close to 100. shouldn't it be harder to get married than divorced so we'll avoid more

maybe kim jong-un just really hates the bodies of water around his country. 

atms should allow for a panic pin number so that if you are being forced to withdraw money, the police will be secretly notified while the machine "is

i always put my music on shuffle but then get annoyed when it doesn't play the songs i want.

when camera phones came out people said if there were aliens or ghosts, we'd finally see them. but all we got was corrupt cops.

march 4th is the only day of the year that doubles as a command. 

when someone gives you their phone number, it's like them giving you the password to talk to them.

if there's a reddit in the afterlife, there are probably a ton of submissions to /r/tifu

i wonder how many times i unknowingly avoided death 

people get embarrassed when buying condoms which prevent diseases but are okay with buying cigarettes which cause diseases.

the story of the tortoise and the hare isn't that slow and steady wins the race. it's don't be arrogant and slack off.

i won't try heroin or crack because i think i'd like them too much. 

"now under new management" just means "please come back, the assholes are gone."

any salad is a caesar salad if you stab it enough. 

there's probably several girls that i married while on the swing set in elementary school that i never got a divorce with

it took me 16 years to realise saturday has turd in it 

"the sky is the limit" would be terrible advice for astronauts 

i never actually scrub my feet, i just walk around on the soapy water and it's been fine so far..

i'm better at giving handjobs than my girlfriend is. 

for halloween, spotify and other music services should play random noises like doors opening and whispers throughout songs to creep people out

a better santa claus story would be that every city has one person who is in the "santa claus" role and no one knows who it is, therefor, if the children

jack black and jack white should collaborate and make a jack gray album 

when my father took me out fishing when i was a kid, he used to warn me to be quiet because we would scare the fish away. pretty sure he just wanted me to

the term "studying" is a mashup of the words 'student' and 'dying'. 

google maps should have a "halfway point" option. where it lists restaurants and things to do halfway between the two locations you enter.

the fastest way to get me to click on a link is to warn me its nsfw. 

the plagiarism section of the class syllabus is the same for every class... almost like it was copied and then pasted there...

movie theaters should provide an audio jack in each seat, so patrons can use noise cancelling headphones, and they can also be used for dubbed audio for

reddit needs to stop kidding itself. the downvote button is and always will be a disagreement button.

if sharks had "human week" it would probably be a week honoring the millions of sharks killed every year by humans, instead of a couple of near-death

the words ''womb'' and ''tomb'' are similar orthographically and phonetically, and relate to opposite ends of our life cycles.

the "what's your porn star name" game (first pet's name + street you grew up on) is just a way to steal your password recovery information

dogecar spelled backwards is racegod. 

straws only have one hole. 

all these charmanders outside my house finally proves that hot singles do exist in my area

"commercial free," but we're gonna tell you after every song. 

who invented clapping? someone literally saw something they liked and said "i like this so much i'm going to slam my hands together."

according to common american wisdom it's fine to go to a bar, get drunk, meet a stranger, take her to your home, have sex, and fall asleep together, but

girls always say it's "gross" that i used to work at a porn shop and that it must have had a lot of "creepy" guys - 95

sex toys. guys mostly bought bongs. 

if i were to turn invisible, light would pass straight through my eyes, so i'd be blind

we're approaching 2016 and the share button on this website still doesn't say "spreddit"

someone should make an app called 'netflix and chill' that matches you with local singles who like the same shows as you

half life 3 was never meant to exist. half life + half life = one full life 

the raid at google's hq in paris is literally a google search. 

the us flag is almost always at half-mast now. 

i bet 7-11 is glad the twin towers attack wasn't on july 11 

jesus had to move back in with his dad at age 33. 

your eyes water when you yawn because you miss your bed and that makes you sad 

if billie jean would've taken michael jackson on maury for a paternity test he would've had the most epic "you are not the father" dance ever.

suicide doesn't end pain. it just spreads that pain around to all the people you love.

youtube should let me view vertical videos in vertical full screen on my phone.

we spend a good amount of time in our homes trying to make it look like no one lives there

weird al yancovic has remained more well known and popular than most of the people he's parodied

students cheat on tests because grades are more valued than learning. 

in a couple thousand years archeologists will dig up tanning beds and think we fried people as punishment.

if marty mcfly time traveled to the actual 2015 his outfit wouldn't have looked out of place due to the vintage fashion trend

smokers allowed breaks at work are just getting an advance on the free time others will have at the ends of their lives.

the human race is gonna cure the shit out of mice before it does the same thing for itself.

if the earth is the 3rd planet from the sun, aren't all countries technically 3rd world countries?

charlie and the chocolate factory is basically saw, but with desserts. 

there are dogs that understand more spanish than me. 

reddit is the only place in the world where i can get an informative, thoughtful point of view from someone named pm_me_ur_tits

poor science education is one of the most dangerous things. it gives people just enough information to think they understand stuff but not enough to

if you beat someone to death, they've beaten you to death. 

a hundred years ago, if 100,000 people saw something you made you'd be rated a very successful artist, writer, etc. today, that barely qualifies as a

technically speaking, aliens invaded the moon on july 20th 1969 

i am as old as the universe because matter cannot be created or destroyed. 

the dothraki would have considered the red wedding a smashing success. 

would humans have invented airplanes if all animals were flightless? 

pooping while at work is the opposite of an unpaid lunch break. 

if a building is built on a plot, and each floor is a story, is each room a chapter?

what if a shooting star is actually somebody driving off rainbow road? 

using your smartphone to research your next smartphone is like asking your girlfriend which of her friends you should date next.

to market to teenagers, febreeze should make a hidden camera commercial where they fill a car full of weed and spray it with febreeze, then get parents to

most of the people i see driving around in retired police cars look the sort of people who've spent plenty of time in the back of police cars

i feel like if quentin tarantino didn't start making movies, he would have become a serial killer.

this sub is very popular yet completely karmaless 

the word 'ashtray' is pig latin for trash. 

when someone named ed is walking down the street, everyone walking towards him is edward.

i like how pitbull announces his name at the beginning of his songs so i can change the radio station

if a kanye west biopic is made in the distant future, it will be almost impossible for the lead actor to believably portray him without seeming like

when a browser asks "do you want to save this password?" i wish "yeah but only if it works" was an option

nicer restaurants give you napkins that other people have used and cheap restaurants give you brand new ones

never once in my adult life or as a child have i ever seen someone slip on a banana peel

it's really dark inside you. 

in star wars, if luke turned off his targeting computer and then missed the death star's exhaust port he would have looked like the biggest jackass ever.

when i was a kid, 1000 dollars would have bought everything that i wanted. now, it barely covers rent.

why doesn't tarzan have a beard? 

considering our anatomy, it makes more sense if males wore skirts and females wore pants.

a #1 dad mug is a terrible father's day gift if you have two gay dads. 

i consider the redditors that live in opposite time zones of me to be the night shift of reddit that always prepares content for me when i wake up.

the reason hermione was such an "insufferable know-it-all" was so that she could explain everything about magic to the muggles reading the books.

of all the organs that come in pairs, a second bladder would have been really nice.

if you were on the moon during a lunar eclipse and you looked back at the earth, you would see it surrounded by the red ring of the sun behind it. you'd

as more people turn to internet steaming over cable, netflix needs to adopt an emergency broadcast system.

the time when i look the most homeless is when i'm in my home. 

it's amazing how unforgiving we are towards bugs, we will straight up murder them for even coming near us.

what if the only reason why we don't see aliens is because earth is considered a rare sanctuary, and the alien sightings we do hear about are just

the divided symbol, ÷, is just a fraction with two dots representing numbers. 

my ex was constantly paranoid that one day i would no longer find her attractive. 2 years after i broke up with her, i still think she's hot - it

a person doesn’t become homeless just because they lose all their money, but also because they lost all their friends.

no... wait a minute, dude, no matter what an egg tastes like, it literally tastes like chicken...

on april fools day tinder should switch the "like" and "nope" swipe direction without letting anyone know about it.

if your asscrack was horizontal, it would make a clapping noise whenever you went up/down stairs.

people who die having sex with their so, really did die doing what they loved. 

if you die in the same hospital you were born in, your total displacement will be 0.

jesus had two dads and a surrogate mom--10/10 christians agree--he turned out alright.

saying you handle transactions for a multi-billion dollar company is way better than saying you're a cashier at mcdonald's

adblock is so good, if no one complained about star wars memorabilia being over the top, i would have had no idea.

that malaysia airplane is still missing. 

since bat wings are just skin stretched between elongated finger bones, bats fly through the power of jazz hands.

when you meow at a cat and it meows back, could it be correcting your mispronunciation?

in 35 years nursing homes will have some really awesome lan parties. 

what if "do not lie with a man as one lies with a women" just means no threesomes?

my father saw the moon exploration, i will see mars exploration. i wonder what my kids will see in their lifes.

people used to be fat because they could afford good food, now they're fat because they can't afford good food

what if i am single because a time traveler made sure i don't meet "her" to stop someone in our lineage from taking over the world

if you rip a hole in a net, there are now less holes in that net. 

brains are to people what people are to cars 

i'm black, but not african american. i've never been to africa, i don't identify with the african culture being as both of my parents are from the us.

anyone who is wearing braces at the start of an apocalypse has a slim chance of ever getting them off

i've never seen a taxi fill up at a gas station. 

in 30 years, "automatic" and "manual" in a car will refer to whether or not it's a self-driving car.

i have been burned more times by water than fire. 

i only know how to spell "amateur" because of porn. 

askreddit is like my wife. ask one simple harmless question and recieve and angry torrent of abuse and negative criticisms.

how fast a car goes 60-0 is a lot more important than how fast it goes 0-60. 

netflix should have a "watch together" option that allows you to watch a show with other users

what if your dog one day just randomly said "nobody is going to believe you" and never spoke again.

apple isn't killing the headphone jack, people that are buying a phone with no headphone jack are.

the cyrillic г(g) is the logic next step in the sequence e,f, in the alphabet 

when you order a slice of pizza from a pizza place, you're sharing a pizza with a group of strangers

if england waited 11 more days, we could've shared an independence day. 

if the avengers were real, city contractors would be billionaires 

i wonder if i'll ever have to write earth at the bottom of a postal address 

i have never seen a starbucks commercial of any kind. 

"i think we got off on the wrong foot" is a regret a foot fetishist might have 

eventually someone will die in a self-driving car and it will keep going to its destination

the problem with democracy is that appealing to the dumb half is as good a strategy as appealing to the smart half.

reddit is where people with essentially the same ideals get in heated arguments over minor technicalities.

so far it seems like the only danger of smoking pot is getting caught by the police. so we have created the only known danger

children cry over every little thing because anything bad that happens is literally the worst thing that's ever happened to them. growing up is having

when an elder generation complains about about bad a younger generation is, they are basically saying that they sucked at raising kids.

i'm so lonely that reddit is more of a social network for me than facebook is. 

our black president lives in gov housing.. 

the real walk of shame is when you take all the cups and plates you've been hoarding all weekend down to the kitchen.

wwii is one of the rare sequels to top the original, yet no one wants to see it become a trilogy

the 4 elements (earth, water, air, fire) correspond to the 4 states of matter (solid, liquid, gas, plasma.)

google and apple build driver-less cars cause the only time you're not on your phone is when you drive.

exams are an unrealistic way to judge ability. it would be incredibly rare for you to be in a work situation where you have the combination of; a short time

if you live in north america, my driveway is connected to yours. 

when i get a dog, i want to name him "dammit". that way, whenever someone gets frustrated in my house, he comes over to cheer them up.

deadpool should have leaked a fake version of the film where it's just deadpool playing with action figures reenacting the entire film.

since my wife works in a hospital. anytime i want to get out of work, i could simply say "i need to go, my wife is in the hospital."

mitch hedberg should be the patron saint of this sub reddit. 

google is always doing an ama 

dogs are just hostages with severe stockholm syndrome 

i guess today is officially the day that charlie is in charge of wonka. 

the letter "c" could easily be replaced by "k" or "s" in any sirkumstanse. 

if s stripper is an exotic dancer, does that make a drug dealer an exotic pharmacist?

you know you're driving a shitty car when the check engine light turns off and that makes you worried.

every time i see a nsfw tag, it hurts cause i am jobless. 

what if aristotle was pronounced like chipotle 

when the internet first became popular we were afraid of people from the internet finding us in real life, now we're afraid of people in real life

the most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it. 

a satanic band should record an album singing the nastiest parts of the bible and release it as a christian album

talking is a really slow data transfer between two super computers. 

if "look like a million bucks" is a compliment in the u.s., i bet it wouldn't work in britain. "does this dress make me look fat?" "no honey, you look like

if there is a war on christmas then christmas is winning. it has taken over the territories of both october and november from opposing factions halloween

as a father i have realized that days are long and years are short. 

i wonder how many constellations the sun is a part of. 

a dog born and trained in china knows more chinese than me. 

north korea is getting really good at 'boy who cried wolf' diplomacy. the day it actually nukes seoul, no one will believe it.

if virtual reality games become a thing, pro gamers will need to be in shape as a physical sport athlete

"grandbrother" sounds much cooler than uncle. 

time is said to heal all wounds, but it also literally kills everyone and everything.

if your child ends up murdering you, that means you gave birth to your own death

if star wars happened a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, i might be able to watch it through a telescope right now.

when a website doesn't work with internet explorer, i blame ie. when it doesn't work with google chrome, i blame the website.

i miss being the age i was when i thought i'd have it all together by the age i am now.

gum is just a human chew toy 

drawers should be called pens and pens should be called drawers 

when you start using reddit everyone appears to be smarter than you, a few months later you realize you're surrounded by mob mentality.

"i fell on the ground" is really a mild way of saying "i collided with a planet"

non-vegans will always cater to their vegan friends, but vegans won't cater to their omnivorous brethren.

my dog knows more english than i know dog. 

"umop apisdn" is "upside down" spelled upside down with different letters of the alphabet.

any salad can be a caesar salad if you stab it enough. 

a spoon is just a bowl that fits in your mouth 

growing up marijuana was seen as a gateway drug for harder drugs but, ironically, chuck e. cheese was never seen as a gateway for gambling.

i know more people whose lives were ruined as a result of world of warcraft than as a result of smoking pot

it would suck if you were bisexual and the man of your dreams married the woman of your dreams

i'm a guy living with two girls and they'll never know how hard i try to keep the toilet bowl clean by "peeing off" marks and stains.

there are approximately as many boobs as there are humans in the world. 

it should be illegal for radio commercials to include the sound of cars honking.

my body is actually a compulsive hoarder who keeps all this fat "just in case i need it later"

i bet when the pope is in a room where someone sneezes, everyone looks at him expectantly.

steam should have an option to enter your pc specs and allow you to filter games by whether or not you can run it.

(as a guy) trying to pee in the toilet in darkness is a practical human use of echolocation.

i'm glad reddit looks plain. i can browse it openly and most people assume i'm reading news or informational articles, etc. if i browse sites like facebook

i share my random thoughts with strangers because my family members won't care about them.

we always say "drugs and alcohol" as if alcohol isn't a drug. why don't we just say "drugs?"

when i turned 30, i wondered when i'd finally mature. now at 31, i've realized i've already grown up, and it's alright to still like the cereal with the

sometimes i see an animal, and i wonder if among that species, that particular dude or girl is considered handsome.

asking someone a question used to be a good way to start a conversation. now that we can just "google it", i almost feel like asking someone a question

i'm less likely to buy a product from a 30 second youtube ad i can't skip 

the leaning tower of pisa - when you fuck up so bad it becomes a tourist attraction.

if santa travels faster than the speed of light to deliver all of the presents in time, what good is a reindeer with a light up nose to guide the way?

father's day is a day dedicated to mother fuckers. 

a knee is a really big knuckle 

moses had the first tablet with cloud connectivity. 

cannibalism holds the potential to solve both hunger and overpopulation problems.

someone in indiana with the last name harrison should open a ford dealership so it would be called "harrison ford" with the slogan is "the people of

the second oldest person in the world should get a world record for the longest period of time without winning a world record.

falling asleep with the tv on is the adult version of being read a bed time story.

if you buy digiorno pizza through amazon fresh, technically it is delivery. 

"only" is "one" in adverb ("-ly") form 

"don't kid yourself" should be a slogan for birth control pills 

if i die before you, i beat you to death. but if i beat you to death, you die before me.

i wish there were an option to send a low priority text message that doesn't notify the recipient until they unlock their phone.

if spiderman were actually anatomically similar to a spider he would shoot web out of his ass and not his wrists.

has anyone actually finished the "99 of beer on the wall" song? 

placing an ad before a youtube video i like to watch is the safest way to make me dislike a product.

"know what would look good on you? nothing." is both an insult and a compliment.

the trees planted on city sidewalks should be replaced with fruit trees, so the homeless have something to eat in the summer and fall.

what if the russians were doping not to win, but so they wouldn't have to go to rio.

i've never seen fight club, but because of the first rule of fight club, i've never had the movie spoiled for me.

"puffington host" would be a great name for a marijuana-centered newspaper 

the only reason you're mad at your past self for procrastinating, is because you want to procrastinate now.

tvs went from curving outwards, to flatscreen, to curving inwards. 

since dogs don't understand language, when i sit and read a book for hours, they probably think we are just super entertained by turning the pages.

what if elon musk is actually a stranded alien who needs humanity to develop interstellar travel to get home

as i get older, i've realized that part of being an adult is being tired all the time and trying to find different ways to deal with it.

there are thousands of people who have never heard of and therefore died winning "the game".

yesterday i really wanted spaghetti. today i am eating spaghetti. follow your fucking dreams.

my goals in life have very good goalies 

/r/showerthoughts best of 2013 winners! 

texting your crush is like a turn based strategy game, while calling them is like a real time strategy game.

the more i light my lighter, the lighter my lighter gets until it's too light to light.

if i were chinese, i would point at random westerners' chinese tattoos and say "hey, i love shrimp fried rice as well!"

when i was a kid, the bundy's were poor. now i wish i could afford a house like that....

in the transformers movie, the auto bots said they scanned the entire internet and learned everything about the humans. which means optimus prime has seen a

wondering if whoever hacked myspace can let me know my login information too. 

harry potter is the ultimate example of someone that 'peaked in high school.' 

"single and ready to mingle" is really just "alone and desperate to bone" 

white people could refer to each other as nillas. 

between a drunk person and a sober person, if one of their cars gets fucked by the other, the drunk one gets arrested. but if one of them gets fucked by the

windows should make an antivirus program called microsoft officer. 

madonna isn't really 'kissing celebrities' for shock value, she's sucking the youth out of younger people to stay alive.

lorde should have been randy marsh for halloween. 

if you took an iq test online and it told you that you had a high iq and you believed it, then you probably don't have a high iq.

this halloween they should make google's homepage "ghoulgle" 

blink-182 is a bunch of guys in their 40's, singing to an audience in their 20's about being a teenager

since the earth is spinning on its axis, as well as orbiting the sun, and all galaxies are in motion as well, i've come to realize the only thing in the

usa vs. germany... england vs. japan... the women's world cup is getting a little bit wwiiish

racism must be confusing to blind people. 

amazon has spoiled me to the point where anything over 2 days for shipping seems like an outrage.

what if disney animation made frozen just so a google search of "walt disney frozen" wouldn't be the top result about the man himself

whenever i think i made a bad choice, i remember the number of publishing companies that said no to harry potter

if you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it 'mouth trap', and that's exactly what it is

masturbating only feels half as good as sex, but sex feels only half as good as you imagine it when masturbating.

a pizza is basically a real-time pie chart of how much pizza is left. 

some people's pin numbers are 6173, and this post probably makes them want a new one.

i want a bumper sticker that says "i was once an honor student too. this is your child's future." this should look good on the back of my broken down 2000

/r/showerthoughts is like /r/woahdude for sober people 

since cursive writing is no longer being taught in school, we can use it as secert code against upcoming generation's

children of hipsters may choose to dress normally to rebel against their parents.

the "you're in good hands" guys, the mayhem guy, flo, the geico gecko, and the state farm guy (j.k. simmons) should team up and do a superbowl commercial

a guy has to blow himself up to get 72 virgins. a girl just has to reveal her gender on the internet.

they should put a button on television remotes that fades the screen to black and rolls credits so i can tell my kids the show is over whenever the hell i

the song "happy" by pharrell makes me fucking hostile, while the song "fucking hostile" by pantera makes me happy.

what if deadpool takes over the cameo role for stan lee after he passes? 

it would be cool to see an album of all the pictures you've accidentally photobombed in public

when a girl is looking at me, the difficulty level of everything i do increases automatically.

paperclips are just staples with less commitment 

why aren't iphone chargers called apple juice? 

somewhere out there, in the infinite expanse of the universe, there is a planet whose night sky has a penis constellation

what if i have a super power but it's something impractical in this day and age, like being immune to cannon fire or talking to dodos?

if steroids are banned for athletes, auto-tune should be banned for singers. 

if you pay entry fee to a marathon, they literally give you a run for your money.

for april fools day, snapchat should have all of their filters work as normal, but once sent the filter is removed.

i usually assume people who know the date automatically have their shit more together than i do.

if it weren't for auto correct, i would never have heard of redditch, england. 

if you work a job that relies on tips, your employer is basically crowd funding your wage.

if michael cera started a clothing line, he could use the slogan "try cera tops"

why is it okay for the main character in movies to kill hundreds of innocent people working for the bad guys just to save a specific person important to

antarctica probably has the highest average iq of any continent 

i replaced facebook with reddit and my life has been way better! 

buying an airline ticket is like paying shipping and handling for yourself. 

gay sex is literally twice as manly as straight sex 

i'd rather skip a song every time it comes up in my playlist than remove it altogether.

wouldn't it be hilarious if they came up with some kind of vaccination that prevented autism?

the westboro baptist church have probably seen more gay people making out than most non-members

reddit has had 13 million users and by now a thread has to have happened where a commenter, has in fact, banged op's mom.

we stop using "brb" because we never have to leave our devices anymore. 

the bathrooms in star wars must have to be pretty versatile to suit all the different species.

people dismiss alien abductions as unrealistic but if we were able to go to a planet with life we totally would take some of those aliens and research them.

if facebook and instagram stopped showing the number of likes a post gets, i wonder how many people would continue posting photos and selfies of

lego should open up drink n' build workshop stores exclusively for adults. pay $20, crack open a few beers, pick out some legos from dozens of huge bins,

every problem that takes place on earth is a "third world problem" since earth is the third planet from the sun.

almost every person i've ever met and thought "i hope they don't have children" ... has kids. almost every decidedly child-free person i've ever met

if cinderella's shoe was a perfect fit, then how did it fall off? 

a baby born today may live to see the year 2100 

king of the hill deserved better than being canceled to make room for the cleveland show

most of the spirit halloween stores, open up temporarily in stores that went out of business. they are the spirit of the dead store.

the recommended age to have an ouija board is 8+ years old. so, you need to be 21 to drink alcohol and 8 to summon the devil.

if i meet someone in real life who has one mutual friend, that's more than enough to make a lasting connection. if i meet someone on facebook with one

a penis is really just a "fleshdrive" that transfers genetic data. 

the actor who played jesus in jesus christ super star has been jesus on stage (40+ years) for longer than jesus was jesus (33 years)

every year, we unknowingly pass the anniversary of our future death. 

celebrities should hire paparazzi to harass paparazzi and publish it all in their own faux celebrity gossip magazine.

suicide is a mortal sin to stop religious crazies from killing themselves in order to be with their god.

if i was a serial killer, i'd leave a klondike bar wrapper at every murder scene, letting everyone know exactly what i would do for a klondike bar.

i bet clark kent lied during his job interview when asked what was his greatest weakness.

if the good die young, then why must we respect our elders? 

music is sculpted air pressure 

at 36 years old, i am older then al bundy was at the start of married with children. when watching the show as a kid, i always thought he was an old

dating is just a series of interviews to become a partner at a two-person company whose only mission is sustaining mutual happiness.

a programmer programmed the program that programmers use for programming programs.

the word "nemo" is latin for "nobody." so perhaps the eponymous character from finding nemo never existed. nemo's father has a psychotic break after losing

all microwaves should have an "after hours" setting that stops the beeper from going off when your food is ready so you don't wake anybody up while you're

there should be a dollar store in the uk called "pound town" 

the only "ads" i ever hear on spotify are spotify ads telling me why i should pay to remove ads

to the man who put a 'b' in 'subtle', bravo. 

in other people's dreams, i've met people i don't know. 

thinking back on it, saying the pledge of allegiance every morning before school started was kind of weird and cult-like

gary busey's out there just doing something right now. 

whoever put the “b” in “subtle” was a really clever person. 

people who believe in those "forward or you will die, etc" chain mails, actually send misfortune and death to their "beloved ones" (even their own

someone should make an eastern european dating site called "czech mate" 

the fact that jessica biel decided not to name her son batmo is quite a missed opportunity

when im browsing reddit in bed next to my wife, nsfw means not safe for wife 

when i have a blocked nose i think about times i didn't have a blocked nose and how i took it for granted.

every time albert einstein jerked it, he had a stroke of genius. 

when you eat at home as a family, everyone eats the same meal. but if you went out to a restaurant and everyone ordered the exact same thing, that'd be

it would be really convenient if my eyes could use "ctrl+f" to search for things.

amazon should have a 'things you may like under $5' section so we can get free shipping for $25 when we're short and don't know what to get.

pokémon go is just geocaching reinvented. 

i'm part of the last generation to know what it's like to grow up in the world before the internet.

healthy is simply the slowest rate at which you can die. 

what if babies cry because they they still remember their past lives, and leaving the ones they loved behind?

the most iconic villan in indiana jones is a large rock. 

if an hourly worker is involved in a hostage situation at work, do they get paid for being there? does that make them a professional hostage?

my "type" is a female version of me, but much better. i need to find someone who wants a male version of herself, but much worse!

a room gets smaller every time you paint it. 

if god really wanted to impress, he would have made joseph pregnant. 

religious people that haven't read their holy book are basically clicking "agree" without reading the terms and conditions

money can't buy happiness, but it can buy mdma which is pretty much the same thing.

in the time span of other countries, the us is a dumb teenager with way to much money. we spend it all on "cool" shit like weapons, and think education

the insides of pockets should be made of the same kind of cloth used to polish phone screens.

ginger was the only spice girl who was actually a spice. 

i've never touched a bowling pin 

people who cook at home try to make their food taste like a professional made it, while restaurant chefs try to make their food taste homemade.

i've never been so congested that i couldn't taste how shitty cough syrup is. 

couples who don't have children because they don't want to contribute to overpopulation are the ones that ought to have children.

if you got a million dollars every day of your life and you lived to be 150, you still wouldn't have anywhere near as much money as bill gates has.

what if time travel does exist but we don't see time travelers because, in the long run, the 21st century isn't important or exciting enough to travel to.

why not make reddit skins that look like microsoft outlook, lotusnotes and other frequently used email software so that people could browse while at

you will never lose a game of russian roulette as long as you live. 

9/11 was closer to the fall of the berlin wall than the present day 

i excelled at algebra, calculus, and trigonometry in high school and college... 20 years later and i've never used any of it once and can't



maybe if we announce that buzzfeed's shutting down, buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down.

people that say "i don't care about mass surveillance, i'm not doing anything wrong" don't realize that the people surveying you can change what is

the pope goes to sweden and italy is hit by a 6.66 earthquake. 

if you get fired from the unemployment office you just have to go back the next day.

i'm 25 and just realized that fruit of the loom is a romantic way of saying "end product of a textile factory".

when someone says, "you just made my day", it usally makes the other person's day

i hope i never go to jail. i haven't memorized a phone number since 2002. 

in ancient times, a bag of trail mix would be a luxury unlike any other. they'd have to import chocolate from central america, cashews from

"original" means either, "unlike anyone has ever done before", or "exactly how everyone used to do it".

it must be hard for people in england to tell other people when they have a bloody nose

i wish people offered me weed as much as my health teacher said they would. 

girls in porn are so happy after a facial because they finished working 

two people could be born at exactly the same time, but have different birthdays due to the timezones.

since marijuana is really just a flower, and legalization is on its way, cannabis bouquets for you so will more than likely be a thing we do in the

dwayne "the rock" johnson should make a cookbook so we can finally smell what he's been cooking.

i can do amazing drifts, jumps and other things in racing games that i couldn't do in real life. yet driving normally and keeping the car on the

when entering a website and a video starts playing automatically, i leave immediately and never come back

who keeps giving homeless people sharpies? 

my girlfriend has literally sucked life out of me. 

once you've read the dictionary, every other book you read is just a remix 

i wonder how many of internet explorer's first searches are "download chrome" 

the reason harry wasn't chosen for ravenclaw was because he tried to catch the hogwarts letters from the air instead of taking one from the fucking floor.

despite fido being a "typical" name for a dog, i have never actually met or heard of a dog named fido.

it's a shame great minds think alike. if they thought differently, we'd get double the great ideas.

someone should invent glasses you wear at the theatre that allows only the wearers to see subtitles.

foot fetishes are like clown phobias. i don't have either, but sometimes i can kind of understand why people would.

i wonder if the shower was a "bath thought". 

as a person who visits reddit a normal amount of time, i rarely notice reposts. people who complain about seeing reposts over and over are basically

if an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. if an egg is broken by an inside force, life begins.

100

closeted psychopaths. 

fleeing from police is like choosing the double or nothing option. 

for the amount of sex in game of thrones, there's a ridiculously low number of pregnant women and children seen.

the lion king: the song 'i just can't wait to be king' is literally, 'i can't wait for my dad to die.'

we're already living in space. 

when you pop bubble wrap, you're releasing a bi-product of the import. chinese air.

the battery percentage left on my phone when i get home from work is roughly equivalent to the effort level i put in while i was there.

as a 55 year old male, i thought ariana grande was a font. 

"scalping" tickets at redskins games is especially offensive. 

people go to college mostly so they can shower before their jobs instead of after.

airports are the only place where i don't think twice about people drinking booze at 7 in the morning

til should be called "what i just read on wikipedia" 

isn't it amazing how one tiny egg, and one tiny sperm can come together and turn into a colossal twat?

i wonder how many page views google gets every day from people who just want to check if their internet is working.

i wonder if the person that will perform my autopsy has been born yet. 

maybe the future 2015 as seen in back to the future 2 was a correct representation, but the making of the film series dramatically altered the

automatic garage door openers should have carbon monoxide detectors to help prevent suicide.

when you see a word missing an e (like flickr or tumblr), that's the present trying to look like the future. when you see a word with an extra e (think ye

cars should have a light on either side to indicate to other drivers which way you plan to turn.

my dog has no way of understanding the concept of pizza delivery, so to her it must seem like some stranger shows up every few weeks, gives me pizza, and

the earth is slowly losing water via astronaut pee. 

there are three pronunciations of the letter 'a' in the name abraham 

they should do a sequel to ferris bueller's day off where he skips a day of work as an adult.

i really hope this isn't the alternate universe where trump becomes president. 

i am willing to bet that every carpenter who has ever picked up a stud finder has pointed it at himself, said "beep," and declared it to be in perfect

if you line up all your ex lovers in a row you can see the flow chart of your mental illness.

the first xbox is commonly referred to as xbox 1, the third is called xbox one. the franchise name has come full circle, which is a 360.

technically, you can go the rest of your life without eating. 

the guy who discovered popcorn must've freaked the fuck out 

programming is just witchcraft with technology 

porn sites should have an "i'm feeling lucky" button for when you're not really sure what you want to watch.

much like pornography has given people unrealistic expectations of their sex life, my time on reddit has left me deeply dissatisfied with my cat.

if a man says you’re ugly he’s being mean; if a woman says you’re ugly she’s envious; if a little kid says you’re ugly...you’re ugly.

if i can't find your hours of operation within 30 seconds on your website, you need to change your website.

in sci-fi, the ais that awaken &amp; destroy humanity always have edgy names like "skynet" or "matrix". in real life, it'll probably be something like

if dismembering someone means to take off their limbs, shouldn't remembering someone mean putting them back together?

shadowbanned users are like ghosts of redditors, they try to communicate with us but can't, we feel their presence and most of the times they don't even

a $1 condom failure could cost you $250,000 

we say "hair" when referring to lots of it but say "hairs" when referring to a few.

what if people staring at you are time tourists who came back in time to see you because in the future you're famous?

it's only socially acceptable for a person to say that they think they're beautiful if they aren't.

my wife is also my ex-girlfriend. 

"boneless wings" are just chicken nuggets that are marketed towards adults. 

professors always say "don't copy stuff off the internet," but now that i can google all my assignments, i can see they're just copying the questions and

the only time you can brag about having sex to your parents is when you are having a baby.

(?|?) looks like the riddler's butt cheeks 

snakes are just tails with faces. 

my wife is pregnant. with the baby she has 8 limbs. spiders have 8 limbs. i hate spiders. i hate my wife

tangled was surprisingly underrated compared to frozen. 

the two nba teams in states with legal weed are called the nuggets and the blazers...

football is basically two coaches playing "wizard's chess." 

the guy who holds the world record for "most world records" has a lead of at least two.

"taking candy from a baby" would actually be a responsible thing to do. 

the word "englishman" is polite, but the word "chinaman" is derogatory. 

i really want some film maker to have an actor loudly fart in a scene but not for comedic value, but because that shit happens.

given the choice between $1,000,000,000 or a single chicken wing, a dog will choose the chicken wing every time.

if your child is bullied for being fat, up to a certain age those children are mocking your child for your parenting decisions

if fish could scream, fishing would probably be a lot less popular. 

on april fools pornhub should have a fake notification pop-up saying "successfully shared to facebook"

when i have sex there is a chance i get viruses. when i watch porn there is a chance my computer gets viruses.

saying you enjoy "people watching" is a lot less creepy than "watching people" 

sleep is the only thing that you fake doing in order to actually do it 

every time i browse /personalfinance, i end up reading posts by people half my age complaining about making twice as much as i do.

the fact that an ad thanking me for not using adblock is the only one that managed to sneak through my adblock is hilarious.

in gta i only get shot if i'm wielding a gun or a crime has actually been committed. proving that video games are only slightly less violent than the

the christian church is the world's largest book club. 

i want to hear my native language as a foreign language 

obi-wan hid luke on tatooine because he knew how much his father hated sand. 

saying "prematurely" is really just mashing together the phrase "pretty much too early." say it quickly and you'll understand.

the person who coined the phrase "coined the phrase" coined the phrase. 

if i legally changed my name to "they're all a bunch of useless assholes" and then got my name on the ballot, i could win the presidency by a landslide.

i almost didn't join reddit because the layout was so annoying, but now i couldn't imagine it any other way.

do hipsters go on amazon and sort clothing by least to most popular? 

"firefly," is the opposite of "waterfall." 

"www" is 9 syllables long, whereas "world wide web" is three syllables long. 

the biggest joke of spongebob is that he works at a fast-food place and can afford a house

in game of thrones, the night's watch should really consider wearing white cloaks instead of black ones in order to blend with the snow and not be

bumper cars is a terrible way to introduce driving to kids 

i wonder if i've already worn the clothes i'm going to die in. 

i wonder if i've ever pressed the "8" key on my microwave. 

we should surround sarcastic text with curly brackets. {oh, what a great idea!}

as i get older, birthday parties are less about presents and more about presence

i'm not sure if samsung re-branding the galaxy as the phoenix would be a brilliant or disastrous marketing move.

in the year 2020, it will be 4/20 for an entire month. 

usa is like your hipster friend who hates mainstream stuff like soccer and the metric system.

rick astley's "never gonna give you up" is all about honesty and it's been used to be dishonest millions of times.

there's no way for me to say that generalizations are stupid without being a hypocrite.

it's harder for kids to buy a rated m game than to get access to porn 

i wonder if trees are allergic to our sperm too. 

a non-english speaker would never believe the spoken sentence "ted had said that ed had edited it" means anything.

highwaythoughts: on the back of road signs, they should put the text in reverse, that way, you can read the sign you just passed in your rear view

toothpaste manufacturers: why don't you release a toothpaste that does "everything" instead of making me feel guilty about choosing which aspect of

the word "dude" is gender neutral. because i'm a dude. he's a dude. she's a dude. we're all dudes.

dragons can't blow out candles 

if all fingerprints are unique, and act as friction pads, then some people are inherently better at holding onto things than others.

dog heaven and squirrel hell are the same place. 

don't get mad if you parents ask "simple tech questions" because they taught you how to use a spoon.

brad pitt and angelina jolie getting divorced would be great marketing for a mr. &amp; mrs. smith 2.

netflix should introduce a feature were long-distance couples can watch the same movie at the same time.

there should be a mute button on microwaves so that midnight snacks would be one second less stressful

i will drink hot coffee, i will drink iced coffee, but i will dump room temperature coffee down the drain.

if you illegally download a movie in jamaica, does that make you a pirate of the caribbean?

if an illegal immigrant fought a child molester would it be predator vs. alien 

public school is doing a great job of preparing kids for real life by showing them what it's like to work for a poorly managed company.

what if there's no such thing as the placebo effect, and instead, sugar just actually cures everything

just counting from 1 to 2 you skipped an infinite amount of numbers 

teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all the time in the world

in your lifetime you are the first one to be born and the last to die. 

animated gifs are bringing us back to an era of silent comedy. 

if ancient egyptians could see the internet today, they'd be very proud of the amount of cat videos.

i've never been big on going to japan, but if nintendo made a disney-land style theme park called nintendoland with all the different characters and

inside every beautiful skyscraper are pipelines of shit that are constantly flowing.

do you ever see a stranger in a random place and think "this is probably the only time i will ever see this person in my lifetime" and feel sad?

"you'll need an account to do that" generally actually means "an account is absolutely unnecessary to do that, but we're locking you out of it until you

if a doctor is performing an abortion, and someone barges in yelling, "abort, abort!", does he stop, or get really enthusiastic?

if 50 years ago you told people that there would be only 8 planets in the future, they would think something incredibly exciting would happen.

ios icons shake in fear of being deleted. 

if every atom in your body is replaced every seven years, does that mean that if i don't have sex for 7 years my penis is technically a virgin?

televangelists who claim to have healing powers or cure diseases should be prevented from using the healthcare system and be forced to rely on their own

if you get your tongue stuck in a mouse trap you will pronounce it mouth trap for a short period of time.

the 'old me' was younger. 

i should invest in gorilla suits now before the halloween rush hits. 

the slowest way to die is by living. 

dementors in harry potter never fed on ron weasley because he's a ginger. 

if the first humans waited another day before having sex none of us would exist

dogs get taller when they sit down. 

it should be illegal for video ads to be longer than the video you're trying to watch...

babysitters are just teenagers who act like adults so adults can go out and act like teenagers.

in all my life i have probably seen over ten thousand squirrels wandering around. never once have i seen one pooping.

sesame street never taught me how to get to sesame street 

hotel vending machines should accept your room key as payment and have it charged to the room.

flare guns are least effective on the 4th of july and new year's eve 

peter parker/spiderman makes a living selling his selfies. 

just realised that popeye, my favourite cartoon when i was a kid, was basically about a guy who took performance enhancing drugs to rescue his

a hoax about a mewtwo next to my business will be more powerful that any other kind of ad

does a prostitute say "it's been business doing pleasure with you"? 

instagram would be a great nickname for a drug dealer 

a spoon is just a tiny bowl on a stick. 

when we colonize mars time zones are gonna get a lot more complicated 

that "your pornstar name is" thing is an elaborate con to get the name of your first pet and the street you grew up on to answer security questions.

it's ok to cry in a job interview if you're an actor 

if 9/11 had happened in june, seven-eleven would have been screwed. 

i just looked at a picture of a brain and i was grossed out by it. my own brain doesn't like how it looks.

the word for symmetry should have been a palindrome. 

reddit is the only place where i'm more likely to read the comments then the actual content.

how many animals did we try to ride before we got the right one. 

my proofreading abilities improve immeasurably the second i click send or submit.

if an anthropologist was studying my sexual habits, they would think that my biggest turn on was doing homework.

my first instinct when i see an animal is to say hello. my first instinct when i see a person is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away.

saying: ''rip my inbox" when you recieve a lot of replies is weird considering your inbox is probably the most alive it has been.

set your wifi password to 2444666668888888, when your friend ask just tell him it's 12345678

mentos should print little messages on their mints like "you're awesome" or "looking good" and call them complimentos.

if you think about it, kidney stones are like human pearls 

in orwell's 1984, they had a nationally enforced daily exercise plan, and guaranteed employment. we don't even have that.

sleeping is mostly fake it till you make it 

there is a "d" in fridge but not refrigerator. 

on his return home, colombus took several native americans with him. they should be credited with discovering europe.

animals that are caught, tagged and released must feel like they were abducted by aliens.

putting a case on your phone after its cracked is like putting a condom on your kid's head

i feel uncomfortable calling someone from mexico a "mexican," or calling someone who follows judaism a "jew," even though they are technically correct

if you say grace before you eat leftovers, i bet god is like, "dude, i just blessed this chicken not even 24 hours ago, give it a rest."

facebook is a pokedex for people. 

if the wolf of wallstreet showed just 10 seconds of some family loosing their home beacause of bad investments the movie would feel totally different.

my chemistry textbook is a bunch of atoms trying to explain atoms to me. 

the phrase “don’t you dare” is actually the phrase “do not you dare”. and that confuses me.

i wonder what song the little mermaid was singing when she viciously ripped a clam in half to make that cute bikini top...

if a girl walks into the bar with her tits half showing, and i look, i'm a pervert. if i walk into a bar with my cock half showing, and a girl looks,

considering i routinely masturbate and defecate in the presence of my cellphone, i should think twice before putting anyone's cellphone close to my

i wonder how many people have successfully hid from me when they saw me walking toward them.

"smelly" means something smells bad, but "tasty" means something tastes good 

loner. live alone. no family or real friends.. if i die while out and about, my dogs will probably starve at home.

it blows my mind that humans can "accidentally" produce life. 

on reddit, it's more risqué to show your face than it is to show your butthole.

my child will likely never know the reflex when a song ends to automatically 'hear' the next song start playing in his head... some people reading this

people quickly dismiss scientists when they provide huge amounts of evidence like climate change, but believe eating chocolate helps you lose weight

the worst part about parents who don't vaccinate is an underlying prejudice against the autistic; they'd rather risk a dead child instead of an autistic

when a girl says she's "not your typical girl" it makes me think she's a pretty typical girl.

if i sold cocaine, i would use the line "is pepsi okay?" everyday 

with jesus christ's blood-alcohol level being about 14

wine), it is very irresponsible to encourage him to take the wheel. 

spongebob is actually about a boss that underpays and overworks his employees to the point of insanity, depression, and even mental breakdowns.

somewhere, a super model is having diarrhea. 

it only takes three generations for you to be basically forgotten 

when the human body gets sick it heats up to kill off germs. the earth is sick and its heating up will probably kill off humans. are we earth germs?

when i was a child i spent 25 cents for about four minutes of an arcade game, but as an adult i won't pay $1 for a mobile game i play for hours.

a lot of people died in order for us to know which fruits we can and cannot eat.

there should be a mario party theme park where we can go and play real life mario party. it would probably be a great way to end friendships.

there is no greater human sense than then the male sense of hearing whilst watching porn in an occupied house.

crucifixion is actually a very ironic death for a carpenter. 

am i the only one who thinks that tl;dr: should be at the *start* or a post? 

fat people have more skin, so aren't they actually *more* skinny than thin people?

global warming is the revenge of dinosaur ghosts because we disturbed their oily slumber.

lighting a candle for each year of your life on a birthday cake and then blowing them out is a weird existentialist ritual that symbolizes how your

'i work for one of the richest companies in the world' is a lot better than saying 'i work at walmart.'

we contemplate so much in the shower because it's one of the few places we can't use electronic devices to distract ourselves.

one thing i'm glad about the year 2016 is that it's easier to correct the mistake of writing 15 to 16

the word "crescent" begins with a crescent. the word "squiggle" begins with a squiggle. the word "oval" begins with an oval.

dog breeders literally live by the motto, "fuck bitches, get money." 

if there was an xp meter on my life, i'd be way more motivated to do things. 

when horses win races we credit their lineage. when humans win races we credit their training.

the people born the day before or after the cutoff point to start kindergarten were close to having a completely different life

netflix needs an incognito mode so i can watch stupid things and not have similar stuff recommended to me

when i play a video game, i go out of my way to talk to every person i see. in real life, i go out of my way to avoid talking to every person i see

i think we should launch flat-earthers into orbit. not so they see the earth, just so they are gone.

if you rotate "up" by 180 degrees, it becomes "dn". (up/dn) 

great britain learned one crazy trick to lose billions of pounds overnight. 

if you are 19 or 23 you are both mathematically and physically in your prime. 

i guess the moral of willy wonka is that 4/5 children are obnoxious and should just die.

we don't get chain e-mail anymore because the people that proliferated it are sharing useless crap on facebook now.

childhood memories are a bit like being drunk. you don't remember all of it, and you cringe at some of the stuff you do remember.

public bathrooms should have background music playing so you don't have to sit in silence listening to everything happening in the stalls next to you.

because i'm dating the identical twin of one of my coworkers, i can't tell my friends at work how hot my date is without sexually harassing a colleague by

let's give the top 100 richest people in the world cancer and see how long it takes to be cured.

i have never confused digiorno pizza with delivery 

how it's made is the only show that gets better the more they run out of ideas 

if someone tells you that they are making 6 figures a year they either have a really great job or they're the worst worker in a toy factory.

i wonder how many photos i'm in that i'll never see. 

sour, bitter and salty are very different tastes but very similar moods. 

what if hipsters are all time travelers, and they just use the phrase "you probably haven't heard of it" to cover up slips when they reference something

i want to see a hydraulic press crushed by a bigger hydraulic press. 

marriage proposals are weird. the proposer gets to take as long as he/she wants to determine whether they want to spend the rest of their life with

none of the billions of decisions you've made in your life did anything to stop you from reading this.

it's 2:30am and you'll probably never see this. how many hundreds of brilliant, life-changing thoughts and ideas are lost on reddit each day,

there should only be one cheerleader per team. the rest should be cheermembers.

rescue helicopters should have white lights at the end of their blade so when they spin it looks a halo

i will never know true disappointment like the first people did when they found the ocean and tried to drink it.

not sure if people stopped saying yolo or if everyone who said it died. 

as a british guy on reddit, i've seen hundreds of pictures from the superbowl, seen at least 2 of the adverts during the commercial breaks, seen clips of the

the debate moderators should be able to mute the mics of both candidates in order to move on to the next subject instead of trying to talk over them.

if periods were a side-effect of a fertility drug, the fda would never approve it.

the owner of a dildo company is getting paid to make people go and fuck themselves

if you throw ice down a street and watch it skip against the pavement you're essentially skipping stones on water but exactly the opposite.

in the year 2020, there will be a whole month of 4/20 

if you have an older sibling that is the same gender as you, your parents like their name better than yours.

the older that i get, the more the movie "office space" feels like a sad, sad reflection of life, rather than a comedy.

fight club and crossfit's rules are exactly opposite 

in the 2020 election we are going to see a lot of ads about having 20/20 vision (for the future).

maybe people have successfully made time machines but didnt realize that our galaxy cluster is traveling like 350 miles a second. and so they traveled back

do caterpillars know they will be butterfly's or do they just build the cocoon and wake up like woah what happened?

if there are 7 billion people on earth, that means that every second the collective human consciousness experiences 222 years.

if you've never rewound a cassette tape with your finger, you have no right to complain about buffering.

we are all technically unpaid employees of reddit 

nabisco should sell oreo cream in a jar as a spread to put on any cookie. 

if nudism became the social norm, i bet you'd have to shave your pubes into fun fashionable shapes

do you think there are more spoons than people? 

the 3 c's in "child care centre" are all pronounced differently 

the world will end on somebody's birthday. 

we're scared of being abducted by aliens, yet we go to other planets with the plan of "abducting" their organisms.

when you masturbate, you are basically lying to your penis. 

i've never once thought, "wow, i'm glad num lock isn't enabled by default." 

many of the worlds problems will go unsolved due to lack of funding. meaning, we are limited not by resources and ability to accomplish, but by a system of

the united states should aim for 53 states. that way it would truly be one nation, indivisible.

chewed up mashed potatoes are still just mashed potatoes. 

what if aunt jemima is mrs. butterworth and her full name is jemima butterworth?

one morning i'll wake up,open reddit and find out my country is at war 

if i brush my teeth everyday at 11:59 pm for two minutes, then i'm brushing my teeth twice a day.

i've masturbated more this year than i have had hot dinners. 

600 years in the future, there's a historian who would be absolutely thrilled to have a conversation with me

as an adult on reddit i have to remind myself that i'm oftentimes arguing with teenagers

the words 'good' and 'evil' are both a letter from 'god' and 'devil' 

if i ever do make it to reddits from page, it will be a lonely victory. if i tell my friends then they will see the rest of the weird stuff i said.

what if egyptians didn't literally worship cats but treated them like we do and made memes and jokes and stairs dedicated to them for fun

i insult my best friend more than someone i hate. 

if there's a reddit in the afterlife, i bet the tifu would be a good read. 

pizza is always a pie chart about how much pizza is left. 

there should be a reverse viagra that keeps your penis flaccid so you don't get a boner in an awkward situation.

only a really bad autobiography would need an "about the author" section. 

women with breast implants are affecting evolution because men who are attracted to big boobs are actually breeding with smaller chested women.

if you crush a cockroach, you're a hero. if you crush a beautiful butterfly, you're a villain. morals have aesthetic criteria.

a lot of people are now unknowingly celebrating their last new year's eve. 

once you earn the title "oldest person alive", you keep it for the rest of your life.

unless life also hands you sugar and water, your lemonade is going to suck. 

duck dynasty is essentially keeping up with the kardashians for rednecks 

on /r/pregnant, op delivers. 

i bet kanye west will be the first person to perform with the hologram of kanye west

hockey is much better if you imagine the teams are fighting over the world's last oreo.

what if there's a billionaire who wants to give away free ipods/ipads, but only knows how to using poorly designed ads.

my oven's lowest setting is 0°c but it doesn't become a fridge. 

we're taught to be aware of external danger before the situation arises like a fire in a building, but no one teaches us how to be aware of internal/mental

my mental comments as a lurker were so much funnier than my real comments now that i have a reddit account.

mr. weasley is so fascinated by muggles because their modern technology is the result of necessity and solved inconveniences that magic people have never

cannibalism could potentially solve both world hunger and overpopulation. 

if woman only got pregnant when they orgasm, teen pregnancy wouldn't be as much of a problem.

being on reddit means you're too weird for facebook, but not weird enough for 4chan

nintendo just inadvertently created the best "i'm totally not here for a drug deal" excuse ever.

raisins are nothing but grape jerky 

if every human began as a single cell, and it's estimated that the adult human body has over 37 trillion cells, you have increased your size by



not once in my life have i stepped into somebody's house and thought, "i sure hope i get an apology for 'the mess'."

what if most of our illnesses come from the lack of sunlight on our genitals? 

reddit is social media for people who think they're too good for social media. 

what if the rapture happened already, but no one even realized it because only like 15 people were taken

the '&amp;' symbol looks like a person dragging their ass along the ground 

bruce wayne could do a lot more to fight crime in gotham city by funding youth programs with his immense wealth instead of dressing up like a bat and dishing

in the next hundred years 7 billion people will die... 

cnn used to blame video games for mass shootings. now we blame cnn for reporting on the shooters.

when stan lee finally passes, the next superhero movie released afterwards should have a scene where characters meet in front of his (actual) gravestone,

memes are just public inside jokes. 

you are not "raising a child" you are "training a future adult" 

if kanye really needs the money he should just make a sex tape with ray j 

now that i'm older, i'm convinced the characters of scooby doo are just chronic pot smokers who trip about monsters for a half hour before realizing

i wonder if rick astley thinks, "got me again, you bastard" every time he looks in a mirror

instead of torturing people for getting information, why don't they just get them really drunk?

the ancient greeks were the first people to have showers as well as philosophers. coincidence? i don't think so!

somehow we always assume that aliens would walk around naked. 

naming your cat "whiskers" is like naming your kid "eyebrows." 

i wonder how many people have a picture of me riding a roller-coaster with them in their house?

you will never feel how long time is until you have allergies and snot slowly dripping out of your nostrils, while sitting in a classroom with no tissues.

if cinderella would have taken off all her clothes by midnight, she could have stayed with the prince.

the older i get, the more i realize there are no grown ups and nobody knows what the fuck they’re doing.

i may not be 2016 healthy, but i’m 1816 healthy. 

while millions of people are struggling to find water, we shit in it every morning.

we eat candy that tastes like fruit instead of just eating fruit. 

us grenades are shaped like baseballs because it's something young soldiers would have experience throwing. the next generation of grenades should be

we have self driving cars, but we can't figure out a way to make sensor faucets actually work when we wave our hand under them.

there’s a stereotype that black people are lazy. i don’t know if that’s true, but i know white people went all the way to africa to get out of doing work.

my contacts list looks more like a museum of people i talked to at some point in my life.

any of you could be my next door nieghbor. 

if a website blocks me from viewing them with an adblocker, i'm perfectly fine with closing the tab 100



earth is the third planet from the sun, so all of our problems are technically third world problems.

"firefly" uses an opposite pair of words than "waterfall" 

the term "rekt" is basically 2015's version of "pwnd" 

if a baby is born on an airplane and then the plane crashes, it's possible that their date of death precedes their date of birth.

my phone doesn't autocorrect when i'm typing in all caps because it thinks i'm extremely angry and doesn't want to get involved.

being god must be awesome. you can ignore prayers and no one gets pissed. then when something positive happens you get the credit!

the reason i'm good at talking to people who are down on themselves is because i tell them everything i've wanted to be told myself.

scandinavian women are so gorgeous because the vikings only brought back the hot women from their pillages

if they started doing pub crawls of marijuana dispensaries, they should be called grasshoppers

the people who call younger generations lazy are the same people who feel inconvenienced by having to press a button for "english."

schrödinger's ex: by not checking an ex's social media accounts and nor asking about them, they can neither be happier nor unhappier than yourself.

instead of a "pearl necklace", it should be called a "chestnut". 

having a child is like having a really shitty roommate that never cooks, cleans, or pays rent.

there should be a "registered false rape accusation" database much like we have a "registered sex offender" database.

farts are like children. i'm proud of mine and disgusted by yours. 

dating a girl is like working in customer service: what do you need? how can i help? tell me your problem. customer is always right.

the reason homer simpson has gotten more stupid over the seasons is because of alcohol neuron death.

we should start a campaign to get people to interrupt kanye west. everywhere. 

most christians are still waiting for op to deliver. 

just before i die, i am going to swallow a bag of popcorn kernels to make the cremation a bit more interesting

i wonder who the first person to grab an active bee hive and crack it open thinking, " i bet those bastards are hiding something delicious in here" was.

i hate when i've spent the whole morning on the internet and then i sit down to go to the bathroom and i realize i've read all of the things.

santa is actually pretty evil. unfair labor practices, animal abuse, breaking and entering, surveillance, at least one hit and run (rip grandma).

why do storm troopers wear that cumbersome looking armor if all it takes is one shot from a blaster to kill them anyway?

the voice in my head is an exceptionally good singer 

when people don't sit next to me on public transit i feel both slightly relieved and slightly rejected.

what if stephen hawking is the real slim shady but we'll never know because he can't stand up?

the girl-scouts should name their cookies after famous women of history. 

the other side of the river must be littered with perfect skipping stones. 

i wish reddit had a counter of how many times i've clicked "reply", started typing, then realized i don't actually care enough about the topic at hand to

saying "what an ass." about a guy is an insult, but saying it about a girl is a compliment

i have no problem letting my mouth fill with saliva, then swallowing it. if you asked me to spit into a clean glass and pour it back into my mouth,

there is a company called kia and a company called nokia. i'm not sure who to believe.

i'm a 33 year old man and i still sing the alphabet when i arrange things alphabetically

kindergarten teachers are probably the best capatcha solvers. 

the next version of android should be named "oranges," so we can finally compare apples to oranges.

does ke$ha go by k€sha in europe 

netflix needs an “ending soon” feature based on stuff you’re in the middle of watching so it doesn’t just disappear on you one day.

if i ever made the front page, i couldn't tell my friends because i don't want them to know who i am on the internet

if malala from "i am malala" does an ama, and her space bar breaks, it will lead to the most confusing title of all time: iamamalalaofiammalalaama.

the quote "life is short" makes no sense. life is the longest thing that'll ever happen to you.

if a president had a doctorate, would you still call them "mr. president," or would you go for "dr. president?"

million dollar idea. open a coffee shop. direct traffic there with multiple fake tinder accounts.

i can wipe my ass with 1 square of toilet paper, but only if it's the last square on the roll.

growing up is realizing that the bottom bunk is probably more convenient. 

when i was a kid i worked hard to hide my weed and devil music from my parents. now i'm grown up and work hard to hide my weed and devil music from

clark kent would have a lot of explaining to do if he pushed a "pull" door. 

we jokingly talk to our pets with random barks and meows and think nothing of it, but if our pets ever replied in random human voices or sounds we would be

people who were in their 70's when neil armstrong stepped on the moon grew up with trains and horses as transportation.

/r/reversegif should just be called /r/fig 

if i was a pear farmer, my slogan would be "grow a pear". 

we wasted the name 'fly' on the worst animal. 

who pisses the shit smear off the inner toilet bowl in lesbian households? 

i will live to see the terms "the 20s", "the 30s", "the 40s", "the 50s", "the 60s", and "the 70s" have new meanings.

at some point in the future, when people show pictures of their ancestors, they won't be grainy sepia photographs, they will be hd selfies from their

dipping dots started out as "the ice cream of the future" and gradually became the nostalgic ice cram of my childhood

netflix should produce a series of workout videos for people to stream at home for free if they're subscribed to netflix

'you have a big heart' is a nice compliment from anyone except your doctor 

50 cent should periodically alter his name to reflect currency inflation. 

tagging a post nsfw is the ultimate clickbait 

"neil armstrong" backwards is "gnorts, mr. alien" 

the letter 'b' in the word 'subtle,' is. 

parents are the only people to speak highly of you behind your back and talk shit right to your face.

when an app asks me if i'm enjoying it, i usually click "no" just to avoid being asked to review it

if hungary gets to host the olympics, they can call it "the hungary games" 

toilet seats should have a step like a garbage can that lifts the seat up for males.

i wonder if any kids ever enter their actual birthday on websites and just accept that they can't view adult content until they turn 18

booty call and butt dial use synonyms but mean completely different things 

in our solar system, there are more planets with robot population than with the human population.

what if the coins you randomly find in drawers and between couch cushions are actually spiders leaving them there to pay rent.

the idea of ghost moaning might have started due to kids hearing their parents having sex, and them denying hearing any sounds.

you should be able to go incognito on your reddit account so you don't have to make a throwaway account.

some trees spend hundreds of years growing just so i can wipe my ass. 

as a child, going to bed at 8pm feels like punishment. as an adult, going to bed at 8pm feels like a reward.

i'm not a bad person, but if i had superpowers, i know i wouldn't use them solely for good.

if netflix had trailers, it would make picking a movie a lot easier. 

as an adult, the beer aisle at the grocery makes me feel exactly like the cereal aisle made me feel as a kid.

i think the phrase "in the closet" should be changed to "keeping a straight face"

i can gather spit in my mouth and swallow it with no issue but the thought of spitting into a cup and swallowing it after is disgusting.

blind people don't turn the lights on at night, they just walk around in the dark.

we're trying to build self driving cars that wont crash into things, yet we used to ride around on horses which already could do that.

adam and eve were the first people to accept apple's terms and conditions without reading them...

we get taught in school to not give in to peer pressure but we don't get taught not to pressure our peers.

if adele and taylor swift were lesbians, we would get to hear both sides of the breakup.

how do nudists clean their glasses? 

the word "shark" looks like a shark 

if i see a lot of police cars in one area, i immediately begin to feel more nervous than safe.

my wife is pregnant with twin boys. tonight she'll have 3 dicks in her 

'right, left' answers the question 'left, right?' 

reddit: the place where a mass shooting makes top ranked post one day, and a t-rex doing an obstacle course makes top ranked post the next.

ad blocker became popular strictly by word of mouth. 

the difference between "ladies" and "laddies" is a d. 

fe-male would be a synonym of iron man 

there is probably a person, somewhere in the world, who has sucked dick for bitcoin.

if you get sexted by someone you don't want to sext with, did you just get molexted?

the fact that we differentiate school from "the real world" shows us why our school system is failing.

the number 14233221 describes itself; it has one four, two threes, three twos, and two ones.

red bull should team up with buffalo wild wings where if you buy a 4 pack of red bull, you get 4 free wings. literally: "red bull gives you wings."

if you replace the "w" in "where", "when", and "what" with a "t", you will answer those questions.

if yawns are contaigous, it is possible my yawn has circled the world in a cycle of being passed on until it reaches me again.

gifs are just normal pictures in the harry potter universe 

i've noticed a side effect of being on reddit for a while. increased cynicism. beautiful things are fake. sad stories are bullshit. photographs are

there should be a netflix category that has the holiday episodes from all the different shows grouped together.

redditors who browse through 'new' are the backbone of reddit. without their sacrifice we wouldn't get to see a lot of great posts.

the song "hotel california" is basically a bad yelp review and a 3 minute guitar solo.

there needs to be a youtube series of a no-nonsense cop who watches famous scenes from disney movies and tells us what illegal things are happening and

americans are worried about violence in rio yet 19 people were shot in chicago today and i see little coverage of it.

d.a.r.e. was the most important class i had in elementary school because it explained how adults were perfectly comfortable lying to me

nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because earth just so happens to face a giant star.

someone should develop an ai specifically for reading terms &amp; conditions and flagging dubious parts.

netflix should have an option to skip show intros so you don't have to hear the theme song 23 times while marathoning.

energy drinks and caffeine are basically just stamina potions 

the three most famous fictional government agents, (james bond, jack bauer and jason bourne) all share the same initials

you should be able to facetime 911 to give them a live feed (recorded on their end for evidence) of what's happening in case something happens to you or your

matching a country to almost any object makes it sound like a sex act. e.g.: lebanese wheelbarrow, mexican earmuffs .

what if the washer is actually the one stealing socks, and we've been wrongfully blaming the drier all of this time?

any machine can be a smoke machine if you use it wrong enough. 

6-8 times a day, i start to post something on reddit, type it out, and then just click the back button on my browser without posting because i know no one

for the low price of a dollar you can leave a dollar somewhere and instantly make someone's day better

if female lunch servers are referred to as "lunch ladies," shouldn't male ones be called "lunch lords?"

from gandalf's perspective, the hobbit is a really long escort mission with low level npcs.

if ellen page and emma stone had lesbian sex, you could call that paper, rock, scissoring.

the name nick is a nickname. 

there's a kid out there who actually has the strongest dad in the world. 

/r/unexpectedcena is actually the opposite of what it says. if you watch a video on that sub, you know for sure that john cena will be in it.

con air is a movie about john malkovich hijacking john cusack's plane. being john malkovich is a movie about john cusack hijacking john malkovich's brain.

social anxiety means that sometimes i throw parties and worry that people will show up.

the more you know about che guevara, the less likely you are to wear a t-shirt with his face on it.

warren buffet and i have a combined net worth of over 67 billion dollars. 

if your penis is longer than, say, 3.15 inches, then at some point in your life, your penis was exactly pi inches long

literally everything you have ever done has led to you reading this sentence. 

by the end of the night browsing reddit just becomes a game of which unclicked link sounds the least shitty.

jeopardy needs to make audio versions of their show and put it in a podcast. 

evolution is making us taller, skinnier, with bigger eyes. kinda alien looking. maybe we'll invent time travel and come back in neat little ufos.

the alphabet doesn't need an order 

imagine how much more slutty girl's costumes would be if halloween was in a warmer month like july...

trademarking is the adult version of "i called it first" 

there should be a button next to nsfw reddit posts to open the links in the incognito mode of your browser

charles xavier has hundreds of students over decades and decades, but none can heal his spine

i bet the colorado and washington girl scouts have been killing it in sales the past couple of years

a guy with red haired parents is a ginger-bred man. 

i could post a pic of me winning a nobel prize on instagram and still get less likes than a mildly attractive girl's picture of a bagel

i always want to sleep in to get more sleep, but i never want to go to bed early.

if my name was brad, then i would be 75



there should be a "gif" tab on google by now... 

i can't believe that people with prosthetic limbs haven't gotten cool addons like a flashlight wrist or a laser finger. or a taser hand.

people use variations of "yes" a lot during sex, but it'd be awkward if they said "yep" or "certainly".

to ask, "if we evolved from apes, then why are there still apes?" is akin to asking, "if america was colonized by the british, then why are there still

not all starlight is the same age, some of it is millions or even billions of years apart even though it hits your eye at the same time. so the night sky

is expired poison more poisonous or less poisonous? 

the nfl should just donate all the money they spend on pink gear to the breast cancer fund.

if you ever feel lonely, just know that there are people that comment on porn videos.

the queen of england took a shit today. 

i wonder what would happen if nasa's 17.5 billion dollar budget was switched with the us military budget of 683.7 billion?

because there's a period of my life i'm too young to remember, my older siblings have known me longer than i've known myself.

skinny jeans... making it impossible to look sexy getting undressed since 2007.

i wish i could be as picky about women in real life as i am with women in porn 

i love being alone, but i hate feeling alone 

my math teachers always told me that i couldn't carry a calculator around with me every day. they were amazingly wrong...

the semicolon is probably now used more often in winky faces than its actual grammatical purpose.

a ton of cars is about half a car. 

since the french burkini ban, female body inspector is now an actual job. 

we don’t pronounce the “k” in knowledge until we acknowledge it. 

the only thing i've ever used the dickhole on my boxers for is to tell the back from the front.

your name is just a codeword people use to get your attention. 

when a brit says "i have a bloody nose", it's as if he just realized, to his surprise, that he has a nose.

if dumbledore wanted to help harry, he could have fixed his vision. in a world of magic why is your savior reliant on glasses?

it's socially acceptable to say "i can't function without a cup of coffee," but not "i can't function without a glass of beer"

a trapped sneeze is pretty much 'blue balls' of the face. 

i wonder how many pairs of twins got their names reversed because the parents lost track of which was which when they were infants.

having sex with mila kunis would actually kind of suck, because when you closed your eyes it would sound like you were banging meg.

lions can jump 36 feet in one bound and we attribute this fun fact to every single lion. we don't say "humans can dunk" and attribute that to every single

i've met atheists that care more about my religion than i do. 

bmw could save money by not installing turn indicators, and nobody would notice.

a pregnant woman has two skeletons inside her 

getting stoned in 2015 a.d. is fun. getting stoned in 2015 b.c. is not. 

smoking out of a bong requires all 4 elements 

i've been speaking english so often that the voice i use to think is now english instead of my native language.

those who go out of their way to make others happy at the expense of themselves probably dont want others to feel the kind of sadness they are

since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating.

spoons are just tiny bowls on sticks 

chuck norris will eventually die, and on that day the internet will turn into the biggest shit show we have ever seen.

your penis has been deeper inside your mom than your dad's ever has 

first person video games don't blink. 

at some point in my life, i will unknowingly pose for the picture that will be used at my funeral

chris rock should have introduced charlize theron as "the first african presenter of the night" to wrap up his oscar monologue.

i just read the word "emerged" out loud as "ermehgerd." memes have ruined me. 

having a pet is weird if you think about it. you don’t speak the same language, you create a strong bond by rubbing against each other and sleeping

being the son of a small town gynecologist would be the worst. 

i have more respect for someone with opposing views but an open mind than someone with the same views and a closed mind.

i wonder how many times i've seen the same bird 

i'm controlling your mind right now. i'm making it talk 

books have covers specifically so we can judge them. 

growing up is realizing that "lord farquaad" in shrek actually means "lord fuckwad"

for games, you press start to play; movies, you press play to start. 

the title of the movie "the day after tomorrow" wouldn't sound nearly as intense if it was called "two days from now"

video games from my childhood get less nostalgic as i progress through the game because i was never able to get this far when i was younger.

bubbles underwater are the opposite of rain. 

when chernobyl is finally liveable again (20,000 years), the architecture will seem incredibly strange and retro.

people that say "what keeps atheists from raping, murdering, and stealing if they don't believe in god?" want to rape, murder, and steal from you but

eating a spoonful of frosting on its own is considered disgusting and unhealthy, but putting it on top of something else unhealthy first is normal.

i always use too much shampoo the day after a haircut. 

as a canadian, when i'm with an american i subconsciously thicken my accent and say "sorry" and "eh" more to live up to the stereotype.

if they are going to fine drivers who smoke with a kid in car, they should start booking pregnant women who smoke as well

if someone pisses you off and you want revenge, sign up for a free man thong catalog with their name and send it to their neighbor's address.

clapping is just hitting yourself because you like something 

90



if dentists make money from people with bad teeth, why should i trust a toothpaste that 9/10 dentists recommend.

netflix should let you rate titles even if they are unavailable, that way they would know what titles to license next.

if a mars rover ever breaks down, nasa would have a 4th world problem. 

i assume everyone on reddit is a straight white male atheist from the usa unless they state otherwise

the onion is fooling you the moment you see their logo because it's actually a depiction of a shallot

apple should temporarily change their logo back to the rainbow apple to support tim cook's decision to come out as gay.

someone should develop a "time lapsule", a time lapse camera designed to operate for several decades without maintenance that can be permanently

considering that dogs pee to mark territory, they probably think humans are constantly battling over who gets to claim the toilet.

if marty mcfly showed up today, he wouldn't need to change clothes. we would just think he was a hipster.

at least one of your ancestors has been alive on this earth for every second life has existed. somewhere during the roman empire, medieval times, building

my friend got general tso's chicken at a teriyaki restaurant today. he was an american getting chinese food cooked by mexicans at a japanese restaurant

when you're a kid, dare is the scarier option. when you're an adult, it's truth.

knowing only the month and day of your death but not the year would be so much worse than knowing the exact date.

yoda probably decided the release order of the star wars movies. 

there should be a "getting gas" button on your gps or iphone so that when you are getting off the highway to get gas, it will direct you in the right

to fish, humans are extra-terrestrial beings. everything that comes from above sea level is alien to them. they regularly witness these aliens abduct their

when weed becomes legal everywhere, amazon is going to make billions on to-your-doorstep weed delivery.

being an only child is third wheeling your parents for life. 

if nobody remembers my birthday, why do they still say it's a bad password? 

a video testing how many times an iphone charger can be plugged in and out, or how long an iphone can stay on while being constantly charged would be more

they should rename wet dreams to snoregasms 

if i were a robber in gotham city, i would wait until there were clear skies so the bat-signal had no clouds to be seen on.

a bachelor party would be a lot more suited after a divorce opposed to before a wedding

we live in an age where the least trusted source of news is the media. 

in real life we smile with our mouth. on the internet we smile with our colon. :)

everyone would drive much better if money collected from traffic citations was given out randomly to people driving responsibly.

technically, my wife is my ex-girlfriend. 

hooters should just give job applicants a bra and say "here, fill this out." 

a newbie should be called a "pert", because over time, they'll become an "ex-pert".

quitting a job because you aren't being paid enough should be called a wage quit

there is no "we" in team either. 

every a in australia is pronounced differently. 

there are preachers who won't sleep tonight because they are so excited about the hellfire and brimstone sermon they have planned for tomorrow.

it's weird to think people who are six foot are only 6 subways tall 

the phrase "what an asshole" could be considered a compliment in the right moment.

i get paid to stare at a screen all day to afford to stare at a screen all night

to get laid is good. to get off is good. to get laid off is bad. 

whoever put the "b" in "subtle" is a genius. 

the flintstones christmas film takes place centuries before the very birth of christ

once weed is legalized across the country christmas shopping for me and my friends will be so much easier.

as i get older, "your mom" jokes are getting more and more risky. 

i never realize how dirty a song is until i listen to it with my parents around.

life never really left the water. it just evolved to carry little pools of of it around on land.

the only way to judge a book is by the cover. otherwise, you have to read the whole book and then decide if you want to read it.

if i hear a car alarm the last thing i'd think is someone's stealing a car 

"why can't poor people just get a better job?" is today's equivalent of "let them eat cake".

they should require cities to pass water and air quality minimums to be a final candidate to host the olympics

don't know where your kids are in the house? turn off the internet and they'll show up quickly.

"roast beef" and "ice cream" are both names of food items, but are also the cooking instructions for those food items.

i fully expect first contact with another alien race to be like meeting new friends freshman year of college. everyone is unrealistically ultra nice, and

if a deaf person loses a finger, does it become a speech impediment? 

instead of rebooting amazing films, we should reboot shitty ones that showed potential.

good atheists deserve a place in heaven more than good religious people, because their good behaviour was never stimulated by any rewards.

when an ad pops up in the middle of a youtube video, i think it actually causes people to not want that product even more than before.

i used to laugh at the movie office space, now i just get sad at how accurately it reflects my work life

any kid whose hs mascot was a falcon and graduated in 00 was a millennium falcon

i often wonder how many memories i am in. 

if you see a ufo, and then you figure out what it is, it's an fo. and if you see it land, it's just an o.

i just realized i haven't seen a single guy fawkes mask today. good job everyone

if there are 1 billion people better than you at something, you're still in the top 15



'queue' has to be one of the weirdest words in english: a single spoken letter followed by four silent vowels. a word that is 80



the military of evey nation should have paintball team and have world championships for shits and giggles.

adulthood is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an airplane.

there can be a facebook meme i really love or agree with, but if it says "share if you agree!", i won't share it on principle.

an american and an australian if born right this second would have a different birth date by day, month and year. if the american moves to australia they

i wonder how many miles my thumb has scrolled on my phone. 

the sun's secondary job is literally moonlighting 

as someone who doesnt drink, and also has a weakness for redheads, i can accurately say that "i like my women like i like my ale: ginger".

80



high schools should make shop and basic plumbing courses mandatory, so everyone can fix basic house problems

when a pet is terminally ill, we euthanize it because letting it suffer is "inhumane." when a person is terminally ill, they must suffer it out because

when we say that mosquitoes have no role in the ecologic system, maybe their role is to kill humans.

bullets are the only things that do their job only after they are fired. 

i want to get a parrot and train it to say "i've been turned into a parrot" 

collectors are probably way more interested in the original than the "collector's edition"

the reason call of duty games never change is because war never changes. 

my proof reading skills instantly increase 1000



there's a place in london with £9.00 coffee. my t-shirt cost £6. if i spilt some on my t-shirt i'd be annoyed that i'd got t-shirt on my coffee

driving tests should include jumping a car, changing a tire, and checking basic fluids.

drinking water from a coffee mug is incredibly dissatisfying. 

every hot girl i've ever had a crush on has probably at some point had violent diarrhoea

it is amazing to think that nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because earth just so happens

what if god did make us in his image, but he looks like a single cell organism?

a billionaire could give me 

virtually unaffected. 

with less than a quarter of his net worth, bill gates could buy every team in the nba, draft himself, and pay every player in the league to play worse than

the word noelle has two l's 

amazed that no science fiction book has been written based on the outcome of somehow finding definitive proof that there are no aliens - it would be just

i drive a 71 beetle. all day long people get punched, because of me. 

had voldemort hidden pieces of his soul in mundane objects like rocks, instead of rings, diadems, and other valuable items, and scattered them at the bottom

what if your dog one day just randomly said, "nobody is going to believe you" and then never spoke again.

do crabs think we walk sideways? 

the url for google in italy is the phrase "google it" (google.it) 

it makes me really uncomfortable that 12am comes before 11am. 

the internet is basically a teenager right now. it's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focussed on is buying things, trying to be popular and

not calling karma "creddits" seems like a real missed opportunity 

the sentence "he laughs at nothing" both describes somebody who laughs at everything, and somebody who never laughs at all.

all those harlem shake videos are still on youtube 

on the day we won the internet, we celebrate by spending hours arguing over the color of a dress

i'd be more likely to donate to charity if i knew they wouldn't sent me letters or call me asking for more money.

the first human to hear a parrot speak probably had a hard time convincing his mates

whoever invented thundershirts for pets with anxiety missed a huge opportunity by not calling it thunderwear

it's actually ok to ask somebody who works at the mint how much money they make.

as a muslim, everytime some muslim commits an act of terror i feel just like professor x everytime magneto/brotherhood of evil mutants does something

i love that john krasinski is the voice of esurance - jim from the office is endorsing a company that, literally, limits the need for paper...

one bar of volume on your media device is not enough to watch a movie, but too much for porn.

parents who are friends with their kids literally made friends 

a billionaire could give me 

virtually unaffected. 

tl;dr is a tl;dr of itself 

i have so little faith in humanity i look both ways before crossing a one way road.

in england, if you don't pay for your tv licence, you can be sent to prison. where you can watch all the tv you want, without needing a licence.

getting off is good. getting laid is good. getting laid off is bad. 

in the year 2021, hindsight will be 2020. 

today's date is 2²/3²/4². 

we are all living at the bottom of an ocean of oxygen. 

someday, when we've colonized mars, the curiosity rover will be in a museum. on mars.

i'm sure if weed was legalized everywhere, this would be a more popular subreddit.

"if you are a pessimist, you are never going to be disappointed" is a very optimistic attitude to being a pessimist.

when i buy cds i now see it as more of a donation to the artist than an actual purchase.

when sand is dry, it behaves like a liquid. when it is wet, it behaves more like a solid.

daniel radcliff needs to play a bond villain at one point in his career 

our whole planet could just be an alien's science project that he got a c on. 

you don't need a parachute to skydive. you need a parachute to skydive twice. 

what if the reason there are no witches, vampires and werewolves is because the "witch trials" in the 17th century actually worked?

i want to start a major software company called "orange," just so when i get compared to steve jobs, i can say, "woah, now. you're just comparing apples to

maybe anti-vaxxers notice higher trends of mental disabilities in children because they aren't exactly passing along top notch genes to begin with.

it took pokémon go to get americans to use the metric system 

the lady who voices the standard "you've reached the voice mailbox" message... does she record her own vm greeting or use the standard one, which

somewhere in another galaxy, an extraterrestrial might be using a photo of our milky way as their desktop wallpaper.

if bill gates died and left his fortune to everyone in the u.s., everyone would roughly gain $240

i think that nsfw tags are useless on this sub because most of the posts don't have anything beside title anyway.

kenny's family is poor because they're always paying for his funeral. 

the strangest part of growing up is realizing how little adults really know 

if ejaculating reduces risk of prostate cancer, then porn websites are fighting cancer.

as a kid, i was careful not to curse around adults. now as an adult, i'm careful not to curse around kids.

why aren't there washing machines and dishwashers that you can pour a gallon of detergent into and they automatically add it to loads?

schrodinger's iphone: if you drop your iphone on the ground face down, the screen is both in tact and cracked at the same time until you look at it.

if alcohol was discovered today, there's just no way it would get fda approval 

there are no fallout 4 posts on the front page now because everybody who bothers with it, is playing it now.

christians preach abstinence as a 100

didn't even work for mary... 

why do "balls" equate to toughness and "pussy" equates to weakness when even the slightest flick to the nards sends a guy to his knees and vaginas can push

i was illegally downloading movies on my house boat... when i realized i was pirating on a boat!

weed is legal in two states. having sex with a horse is legal in 23 states. 

with disney owning marvel, pixar and star wars plus the upcoming introduction of doctor strange (alternate dimensions), it is entirely possible to see a

a wood fire is like releasing all the sunlight a tree absorbed in its life all at once.

people say "r.i.p inbox", when they really mean - " my inbox has never felt more alive."

the healthiest marriage i've ever seen is between gomez and morticia addams. 

whenever i think of the sea i think of beaches and ports but never of the miles of nothing and darkness that makes up the most of it.

if you ever get a pig, you should name it benis. that way you can tell people "this is my pig benis".

the ents attacking isengaard in lotr is an epic depiction of paper defeating rock.

i just realized that dog toys have squeakers to simulate an animal making dying sounds.

the tallest person alive has been the same height as every single person in the world at one point.

with a good enough 3d printer, i could download more ram. 

i've never once heard elevator music while riding an elevator 

the healthiest i treat my body is when i'm already ill 

netflix should call subscribers who just watched "the ring". 

1990 is as far away as 2040 

if germany is the fatherland and russia is the motherland then the eastern front of wwii was the bloodiest divorce in history.

what if extra-terrestrial doesnt come visit earth because they're light years away and fear the dinosaurs they see.

gangs are just frats for people who don't go to college 

parents should start buying their kids manual transmission cars to prevent them from texting.

there should be an official youtube video that establishes a baseline "loudness" so that editors can standardize it and so i don't have to change my

most people will gladly store their useless junk in their garage, and leave their $20,000 car outside

i can't imagine fighting in armor. i feel uncomfortable just walking uphill in blue jeans

if you were pushed through a hallway toward your death with no way to stop and no way to turn back, you'd be pretty terrified. yet this is how we experience

every time i shave, the longest beard i could possibly grow becomes shorter. 

the most underrated people are the ones who sift through all the shitty posts in new

i wonder if i've ever drank the milk from the same cow twice? 

if you don't choose to have a kid, you are at the end of a 4 billion year old chemical process that finally just said "screw it"

the final e in finale is the finale of finale. 

telling your boyfriend he's not funny, is the equivalent of telling your girlfriend she is fat

photo developers were the original victims of unsolicited dick pics 

lasik eye surgery is exactly what we were always told not to do with lasers. 

the seashore is a dumb place for sally to sell seashells 

the first guy to realize parrots could mimic humans must have freaked the fuck out

uber' ad campaign should be, "feel free to get uber drunk tonight" 

if something really "worked like a dream" it's instructions would be really odd and difficult to remember.

/r/mildlyinfuriating should change its font to comic sans 

your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the centre of the solar system.

not hiring someone because they've been unemployed is like not dating someone because they've been single.

all your internal organs function in complete darkness. 

im disappointed head and shoulders didn't release a product called knees and toes

a mean mathematician is just an average guy. 

the price of a calender should drop 8.3



the main reason i like reddit so much is that no one i know uses it. 

turning off your alarm is like accepting the day's terms and conditions. 

after everyone transforms back into a human at the end of beauty and the beast, it must have cost a fortune to restock the castle with lighting,

it blows my mind that the sun is 93 million miles away from us, and we can still feel it's heat on our cheek

i've fallen asleep nearly every day for 25 years, yet i have no memory of how it actually happens.

eating while taking a poo is kind of like those stacking point pencils from the 90s.

fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, shame on me. fool me three times, and you've scientifically determined you can fool me.

eyeglasses' job is to screw up a perfect stream of input in just the right way so your messed up eyes see it as perfect.

i wonder if anybody's ever named their son "james bond bond," so that when their name is printed last-name-first it's bond, james bond.

there are only two days in your lifetime that aren't 24 hours long. 

netflix and spotify should team up, so after you're done watching a show/movie you can look up the songs from that episode or movie.

santa claus should be in the mall the week after christmas so kids can go back to thank him for the presents he brought them.

if you want to truly crash the internet, have the director of the nsa do an ama.

the word "prefix" has a prefix. 

seth macfarlane sounds like he forgot his normal voice and is immitating what he thinks he sounded like

in space, everything is a stones throw away. 

a group of starfish should be called a constellation 

what if way into the future when time travel is invented two scientists named adam and eve travel back to the beginning of time but find nothing and

saying the letters nsfw require more syllables than saying not safe for work. 

today a blimp's only purpose is to make you go "hey it's a blimp" 

over time, the expression "you sound like a broken record" will lose all of its literal meaning and become just a strange, idiomatic expression

the saying "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em" is basically saying that you should join the bandwagon rather than continuing to stand up for what you

it's normal to call your son "son" but it's weird to call your daughter "daughter"

the person who named the belly button must have had an "outie". 

gray hair is just your hair printer running out of ink. 

as a single guy, my heated passenger seat in my car is a takeout warmer. 

peter dinklage is a star. a white dwarf, to be more accurate. 

law and order is just scooby doo for adults. 

my life is really like rihanna's song, "just work work work work work" and the rest of it i can't really understand.

unless you're a celebrity, twitter is like talking to yourself in a crowded room.

today i broke my personal best record for most consecutive days lived. 

i've never seen a police officer fill up their patrol car at a gas station 

my dog won't fetch balls, only rocks. now i get excited when i spot a good rock for her, even if she's not w/ me. my dog has been training me to fetch

people always joke about browsing reddit all day at work, but for the people who work at buzzfeed it probably is their job.

if last names came from professions like blacksmith, fischer, and hunter; then someone drop the ball with dickinson

to a dog, farts are just long distance handshakes. 

"star wars" is a very uncreative name. 

the first man to ever get circumcised probably had to do alot of explaining to people he had sex with.

there are a bunch of unofficial showerthoughts twitter accounts with way more followers than us that don't give you guys any credit - help us catch up by

when you say "the uhhhhhh..." in the middle of a sentence while trying to remember something, your brain is vocalizing its loading icon.

depending on how you look at it, half of 8 could be 4, 3, or 0. 

a child born 08.08.08 is 8 years and 8 days old today. 

threads are called threads because they are on the web 

rappers only ever talk about being extremely poor or obscenely rich. there are no "middle class" rappers.

laptop designers need to test their product at 4 am in a dark room half asleep and then decide if their brightness setting goes low enough

i don't have a inner voice, i have 3 inner voices. one that says what i'm really thinking, one that calls me stupid for thinking that and one that tries

i want to live in bikini bottom. a place where you can afford a decent house on a single fast food employee's wage.

we should all agree on a day to not post anything on reddit, and watch buzzfeed scramble and fail.

on 6/9/69 i will also be 69 years old, it will be a day that goes down in history.

people go to cafés to have a stimulant and relax, and to night clubs to have a depressant and go crazy

when i go to the mall with my girlfriend i'm basically an npc companion. i am constantly standing in her way, unaware of where she intends to go and not

i just murdered a tree and put its decorated corpse on display in my living room. for jesus.

if you really want to get to know someone on a 1st date, just ask about their first pet or favorite teacher. then read all their emails.

catcalling a woman is about as effective as calling a cat 

google should send a self-driving car to capture street view images in chernobyl.

you know, for an adult cartoon i've liked family guy less and less as i've grown older

if they played the pokemon center music in hospitals it would be an overall better experience

gotye is now someone that we used to know. 

if anna kendrick married kendrick lamar, her name could potentially become anna kendrick-lamar

imagine if playing tag was a globaly watched multi-million dollar game like football with professionals and everything.

i only use about 3

not getting shit on my hands. 

harry potter is actually kind of an asshole. he's not very good at magic, and he's constantly relying on his friends to do his research for him and bail him

being born is the first time i did something for the last time and dying will be the last time i do something for the first time

apple should respond to google glass with the ipatch 

why not have a ''front page'' and a ''nsfw front page?'' 

it’s so dumb that drug dealers get sentenced to prison longer than rapists. people ask for drugs, nobody asks for rape.

seeing someone reading a book you love is kind of like a book recommending a person.

subway employees must hear "ummm..." a thousand times each shift. 

i wish people randomly offered me weed as often as middle school health classes said they would

sometimes i hate a post so much i wish reddit offered the opposite of reddit gold. they could call it reddit turd and charge more for it than reddit gold.

in the future, ancestry.com would just link to our old facebook accounts. 

last week, i was a proud owner of "star wars: the complete saga" 

what if every dog is reincarnated into another dog after they die and whenever you see a person walking their dog who goes crazy and tries to meet you and be

cinemas should have audio jacks on chairs so you can drown out annoying people with your own headphones.

"netflix and _____" would make a great black card for cards against humanity. 

finding your horse dead is both a first and third world problem 

we can land an rc car on the surface of mars, but it still takes a finger up the anus to test for prostate cancer.

i feel like my penis and the hulk are similar in many ways they both double there size, do things they regret, and then shrink feeling tired

blankets don't make us warm, we make blankets warm. 

as an american, it's nice to see that another country is the laughing stock of the world for a change.

when i'm old, being older than google will be a big deal. 

hanging pictures of your children in your office is an implied threat. "these kids will die of malnutrition if you fire me."

humanity went from pve to pvp 

facebook is just a pokédex for people. 

i wonder how many people who have signed up for reddit are now dead 

if dr dre ever gets into a fight or hits someone, the internet will be full of "beats by dre" jokes

ariana grande sounds like a font on microsoft word 

i wonder if every president goes through an awkward first few weeks in the office when they're not sure when the right time is to ask if aliens are real

rick astley is probably having a hard time with lent. 

i wonder if i've ever had the same dollar bill twice 

i think samsung research team misunderstood when their customers said they needed a "lighter" phone.

the lottery is not a tax on people who can't do math. the people who buy tickets understand the odds of them winning millions are far better than the

jimmy john's should open up an upscale restaurant called "james jonathan's" 

right now my body is doing hundreds of things to keep me alive, but consciously i'm just scratching my ass

no matter how stupid you think your ideas are, remember, there’s a millionaire out there because of pool noodles.

pokemon is basically cockfighting for kids. 

"my parents are gay," is now a good response to mormons at your door. 

i'm so bad at reddit, most of my conversations are with bots, informing me that i screwed up my post.

when applying for a job at the nsa, do you really need a résumé? 

we're lucky that sound can't travel through the vacuum of space. if it could, the universe would be incredibly loud.

i just realized the phrase "honk if you're horny" is a pun about horns. 

with water, it's a puddle, but with blood, it's a pool. 

we invented phones so we wouldn't have to type out our messages. look at us now.

lonely seniors in retirement homes should be introduced to reddit as we would listen to their tales of the good old days.

i never read someone's username until somebody points out how ridiculous it is 

toilets should have a foot pedal to lift the seat, like trash cans. 

in 16 years when my daughter is 18, each gonewild link will momentarily terrify me.

donald trump doesn't actually want to be president. he just wants to get more airtime where people listen to his opinions.

five to ten years ago, custom cell phone rings were all the rage. today, everyone i know either uses the stock ringtone or keeps it on vibrate.

male unicorn genitalia should be referred to as "majesticals". 

i wish there were a app with statistics about my life. "9 woman thought about sex with you.", "3 people thought about killing you", ..

when saving, games should allow you to leave a note so that the next time you start playing you remember what you did or what you were going to do.

bed, bath and beyond would be a great name for a brothel 

the people who died climbing mount everest, who's bodies can never be recovered, have the worlds most beautiful tombstone.

if alcohol reveals your true self, then my real self just want to go to sleep. 

the last person i would want giving me love and marriage advice during my wedding ceremony is a priest that has lived a life of celibacy

the tallest man on the planet has been every one of your heights at at least one point in his life.

traveling is just a real world type of dlc: you pay a bunch of money to unlock a part of the game that you couldn't get to otherwise.

classes should have a final test in the first week and if you pass it you pass the class but if you fail you have to take it normally

everything is a boomerang if you throw it straight up. 

if you're gonna commit suicide, you might aswell run into area 51 

what if police brutality has not increased but the amount of smartphones with cameras filming them?

the people offended at nfl players kneeling during the national anthem, are the same people who think this country is too easily offended

joan rivers probably won't decompose for thousands of years 

maybe really rich and "successful" people tend to be miserable because that feel like they've "beat the game," and now life is just a bunch of side

if i heard voices i would always wear a bluetooth so i could answer them without social stigma

being told over and over to "stay in school" is the only reason it ever occurred to me that i could choose not to stay in school.

i wonder if spiders compare web sizes. “wow man, you live in a mansion” thanks dude, i built it myself.

men don't become more mature as they age, they become better at hiding how immature they really are.

i always say i've "heard" things i've learned on reddit to make it seem like i talk to more people than i actually do.

if i saw a ghost, it would be the happiest day of my life... even if it was a scary ghost that planned to kill me, at least i would know there's an

if there was a bipartisan bill sponsoring medical marijuana for arthritis relief, it would be joint support for joint support for joint support

everything posted in r/food is a shit post, eventually. 

i would never park in a handicapped spot, but i always shit in the handicapped stall when available.

what if axe was invented by women to easily spot the douchebags? 

the more i learn, the shittier the world gets. 

amazon should have an option to donate to charity if your short on free shipping

working out is just tricking your body into thinking your life is harder than it actually is

i often google how to spell a word before i correct someone for spelling it wrong, to make sure i'm right.

if you rip a hole in a fish net, there are fewer holes in it. 

they should make a tinder for orphans and parents looking to adopt... 

religious symbols are simply marketing logos for a particular brand of god. 

sometimes when i eat broccoli i think, this must be what it's like for giants when they eat trees, but then i realize giants don't eat trees, and then i

whenever disney "re-imagines" an animated classic as a live action film, they use so much cgi that they’re essentially making an animated film.

when i was a kid i ran through the woods with a super soaker shooting at trees like i was fighting in a war, looking back the trees probably saw me as a

what if jesus has a twitter account but nobody knows about it because he only has 12 followers?

if someone killed the 1st zombie, stopping a zombie apocalypse from happening, he\she would more then likely go to prison

when i was a kid, i imagined a tv channel that only reported positive news of the world. i'm now 32, and want that more than ever.

the word pueblo in spanish means "village." the pueblo indians are literally the village people.

social media is to real life what porn is to real sex. 

ads on the internet are getting so smart that when i see a diaper ad, i worry google knows something i don't

hodor is basically a pokemon. he is only able to say his name and he fights under his master's control.

there should be a "no depressing shit" button on reddit.. i don't like looking at sad stuff.

maybe the reason we've never met a time-traveler, is that we live in the most boring part of all history.

if my dad jerked off just once more in his life before my conception i wouldn't be here

today is mario day. mar 10. mar10 

the "success rate" of prayer must have drastically increased after the discovery of modern medicine

when someone dies on a tv show, we are basically watching them get fired. 

saying "i pay your salary so i am your boss!" to a cop is like saying "i pay social security so i own the old people!"

cash cab should have a version where they pick up drunks from the bar at 2 am 

when i die i want my last google search to be "how to fake your own death" 

99



for a change i´d like to know how much karma i´ve given out 

if the gold rush had happened just 20 years later there would be a football team called the 69ers.

to find a needle in a haystack all you have to do is burn down the haystack. 

star wars and metallica fans are the same: die hard fans that never stop talking about their first three albums, have been disappointed with everything

the subreddit for arkansas should be r/kansas 

reddit really needs someone to handle the bad pr due to the backlash of firing the person who handles pr

goat milk should be marketed to children with the slogan "kids love it!" 

if we were eyeless we'd be unaware of colour. what if we're missing some part of reality because we don't have the organ to detect it?

lightswitches/lightbulbs should have two modes, the normal brightness mode and the "i just need to pee, don't blind me" mode.

"slang" is the slang term for colloquial. 

my 5 yo son this morning: "i love the steam from eggs... it's like little souls going up."

hitler masturbated. 

ben &amp; jerry's should hire a mascot called scoop dogg to promote their new cannabis ice-cream

'gluten tag' would be a really great name for a german bakery. 

maybe we're the advanced alien race that one day shows up to mess with other peoples' planet.

taking the cover off my phone is like sex without a condom. i know it's dangerous but it just feels so much better

if goldilocks tried three beds, then momma bear and daddy bear slept seperately. baby bear is probably the only thing keeping the family together.

someone should parody the apple dancing silhouette commercials and have the new earbuds flying wildly in all directions as they try to dance.

kanye west may have more money than me, but any time i want i can see the mother of his child with a dick in her mouth

the first 18 years of your life is like a free demo, then it's pay to play. 

whenever someone makes a typo, i always look at my keyboard to see if the wrong letter is close enough to the correct letter to be justifiable.

the first person to have twins must have been so confused 

i would know alot more about ww1 if ww2 never happened 

the 12 steps of alcoholics anonymous involve praying to a man who turns water into wine.

if i ever had to do porn for money, i would do the nastiest, dirtiest stuff out there, because then if someone i know finds out, they can't tell anyone

ted cruz's first words in response to the iowa caucus win were "to god goes the glory" aka "allahu akbar."

"i didn't suck his dick" means 5 different things depending on which word you emphasise

i really wish my male pattern baldness would start with my armpits and shoulders.

belt loops are like belts for a belt. 

it'd be cool if all reddit users all did something collectively that instantly changed the world like, if 200 million users gave up eating fish for a month

i'm 17, and frequently use imdb's parent guide to make sure a movie is okay for my parents to watch.

there should be a second horn in your car that is used to show appreciation for a smart driving maneuver.

who the fuck was "i" in the "now that's what i call music" album series? 

pornhub has better category refinement then netflix 

i wonder how many fake arguments i've lost in other people's heads. 

dating sites should use drivers license photos, so people will have lower expectations from the start.

sony should release "the interview" free online as a middle finger to the "terrorists".

if you're driving a tesla and it get stolen, is it now an "edison"? 

of all the animals to make gummy why aren't there gummy jellyfish with sour tentacles

queen elizabeth ii has been alive since the height of the british empire and has spent roughly 78



at night i have all this motivation to get my life together and become a better person but then in the morning i'm just like "nah"

i don't buy lotto tickets because i think i'll win, i buy it to grant myself access to day dream

i'd be a lot more motivated at work if my boss paid me in cash every hour. 

weird al should redo pharrell williams' hit as "crappy" 

growing up, everyone was worried that "the powers that be" were going to microchip us. with the spread of smart phones, we microchipped ourselves.

i just realized justin bieber is canadian and his most popular song is, "sorry."

a net is a flaccid cage. a cage is an erect net. 

if the tooth fairy was real, they would just be an expert criminal with a really weird fetish.

when we make alien contact i wonder if any of our common household items will look like their genitals and forever be ruined

the more advanced cgi becomes, the less dependable video evidence will be. 

there should be a pin you could enter into an atm that shows you only have $23.11, in case you get robbed for all your money.

if sea creatures are hurt, i wonder if the salt in their wounds burns so much...

if my girlfriend and i break up, i will never see her dog again and he will have no idea why.

they say it takes fewer muscles to smile than to frown, but it takes even less to leave your face in an expressionless mask because you're dead inside.

we will only pay a few dollars for cow meat but we will pay hundreds of dollars for cow skin

katie perry singing 'you change your mind like a girl changes clothes' is the same as singing 'you change your mind like a girl changes her mind'.

once self-driving cars are legal, we will be able to send our pets to pick up family at the airport.

it's 2016 and we still haven't figured out a solution to that thing that happens when you try to call someone and they go to call you back but you're

if the presbyterian church now has gay marriage as a part of its religion, laws banning gay marriage now infringe on the religious freedom of christians.

we eat pizza from the inside out. 

deaf people who read the saying "potato, potato" have got to be confused as fuck

teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all the time in the world.

jesus got boners. 

do twins ever realize that one of them was unplanned. 

if i was a stripper i would call myself the ogre, because i grind men's bones to make my bread.

anti smoking campaigns should just advertise 'cigarettes don't even get you high'

if "gay" was always used in its original meaning, a guy having sex with a girl would probably be pretty gay.

the term 'monopoly' consists of two words that are the complete opposite of each other.

the price of gumballs from gumball machines has been remarkably stable in the face of inflation.

if "4:20 blaze it" is a common time to smoke, why isn't high noon a thing? 

when i pass a "student driver" i always wonder if i'm being used as an example.

if yoda quotes himself, does his sentence structure become normal? 

it's easier to understand someone who's waaaay smarter than you than someone who is just trying to sound smart

veins are like silly straws for vampires 

you seldom realize how much you took for grated a good keyboard until oe of the letters stops workig

the word ''swims'' is the same upside down 

the label on my towel says "wash before use" - this could apply to either me or the towel.

if you don't sin jesus died for nothing. 

if the oldest person on earth is 116 years old, then 117 years ago, there was a completely different set of human beings on earth.

i'm nobody now, but if i went back in time 500 years, i'd be the smartest man in the world, emperors and generals would kill to have a conversation with

"ladies first" was probably invented by a dude who enjoyed admiring women from behind

the average funeral costs bestween $7,000 - $10,000, i can't even afford to die

if i'm spelling a word correctly, the predictive keyboard on my phone should show me synonyms instead of six variants of the same word i'm currently

any salad is a caesar salad if you stab it enough times 

a spider has made a web right overtop of my fruit fly infested compost bin. he is almost literally spawn camping. no fair, bro.

the same teachers who told me "respect your elders" were the same ones who said "respect is earned, not given".

i may go through my whole life with an allergy without ever knowing what it is 

it is kind depressing to think that i used to play thousand of high quality free flash games online, but nowadays i can barely find a free phone game that

what if selfies were just a fad created so that the nsa could get as many faces on file for facial recognition technology

nsfw porn has probably helped reduce the rate of teen pregnancies by popularizing external ejaculation.

a thousand seconds ago, i was on reddit. a million seconds ago, i was at work last week. a billion seconds ago, i was in 7th grade. a trillion seconds ago,

i live the same way i play rpgs, i ignore the main questline and mess around doing side quests

what if time travel gets invented so far away in time that our time is a spec that no one has a reason to travel to?

reddit is like facebook if all your friends were interesting. 

the reason "cheaters never win" is because the cheaters that did win didn't get caught.

washers and dryers have been on top of each other for awhile now, but i've never seen a washer that utilized gravity to automatically drop wet clothes

if a website stored my incorrect password attempts, they could get passwords to most of my accounts.

if a commercial annoys me, i'll go out of my way to avoid using the product. 

rockstar shouldnt ban gta v players for using money hacks, because the game is entirely about gaining money unfairly.

i want to see a star wars where the light side is a giant fascist empire that preaches lack of individual thought and complete lack of emotion, and the dark

google should collect roadkill statistics just like traffic data and create a map overlay that tells you where high risk areas of encountering animals on

in modern society, the best way to not leave a paper trail, is by actually writing something down on paper.

the best way to insult a hipster is to tell them they look like somebody else you know.

that's why my code isn't working! 

we live in a world where "the dr. oz show" is taken seriously, and "adam ruins everything" is just a comedy.

humans will suck dick and eat assholes but are hesitant to eat a browning banana.

have you noticed how guys always shake their gas pistol when they are finished and women don't?

i’m so glad i was born just before the time when all of my embarrassing childhood videos would have been stored on the internet.

if you fail at suicide, you succeed at life. 

if we made everyone drive stick it'd probably put a huge dent on texting while driving.

i've seen my face constantly for 21 years and yet how i picture myself in my head and how i look in a mirror are always slightly different.

a hug between girls is like a high five for boobs. 

one day i will unknowingly buy a lifetime supply of bananas. 

ashtray is just pig latin for trash. 

one day you will close reddit, and never open it again. 

if there was an award for the most humble person on the planet, nobody would ever accept it.

i've learned more from youtube and wikipedia than i have from my $80k education

the better you look in clothes, the more people want to take them off 

netflix asking if you are still watching the show is a lot like a bartender trying to cut you off while drinking.

people don't get crankier as they age - they just become less tolerant of other people's shit.

anti-vaccination people are more afraid of living with a kid with autism than they are of losing their child from an illness.

every single person on earth has a hidden talent they probably dont even know theyve got because their life hasnt led them down a path where theyve found

we're about 24 hours away from a new batch of idiots hurting themselves with fireworks gifs.

these clown sightings weren't an issue when harambe was alive.... 

the wizard of oz is the most 'chick flick' movie ever: its about two women fighting over a pair of shoes.

toilets are perfectly designed to act as fart amplifiers 

youtube should take down every prank video and channel on april 1st, then put them back up again 24 hours later with a sign that simply says, "it's just a

my grandmother is 93 years old, which means she has been alive for both the production of the model t ford, and the use of driverless cars.

if dogs really can sense evil, maybe all those tragedies where pit bulls kill infants are just the dog stopping a future serial killer before it's too late.

buy 1 pizza and feed yourself for a day, but buy two pizzas and feed yourself for a day.

if you did something "like a boss", then you probably just paid someone to do it.

i wonder how many people within a 5 mile radius of me are orgasming right now 

i hope i'm nowhere near a vibrator factory when the machines decide to rise up against the humans.

i'm more critical of someone who treats an animal poorly than i am of someone who treats another person poorly.

eating is killing animals and absorbing their power. 

if you went to college to learn how to make dog food and your dog ate your homework, you'd get an a.

the first infected zombie attacks you and you murder it in self defense. there are no witnesses. you are arrested for murder in the first degree. you live

if facebook had a dislike button, teen suicide rates would skyrocket. 

the reason why mickey mouse has a pet dog (pluto) is to keep cats away 

why not make every bathroom unisex, with 100

building two sets of bathrooms with stalls and/or urinals. 

wouldn't it be nice if car horns had multiple honk types (gentle to get attention, a hello honk, the necessary fuck you honk, etc)? emotihonks?

in about 50 years, zero-g will be an online porn category. 

a gallon of gas is less expensive than guacamole from chipotle. 

the last human won't get a funeral 

a fish tank is the opposite of a submarine. 

reddit is both a place of extreme beauty, generosity and wonder while also being a forum for grotesque filth, depraved thoughts and pornography. it is a

if you're ever in a zombie apocalypse, it's better to be in a building with all "pull", not "push" doors.

i know more about wwii, which happened 50 years before i was born, than i do about the war iraq war, which happened while i was alive

at the end of my life one of my legs will have walked further than the other but i will never know which one.

if we ever come in contact with aliens i feel like we're just gonna eventually ask each other what the fuck is going on. like being lost in a labyrinth and

i'm paying for school to get a job so i can get a job and pay for school 

if people don't recognize clark kent as superman because of his glasses, does his eye doctor know his true identity?

it amazes me that there was a time before sandwiches. 

sex would be really gross if sperm were big enough to see 

you never truly appreciate an unblocked nose until you develop a cold and can't breathe through your nose

if planet earth is in fact the third planet from the sun does that mean every country is a third-world country?

is an ejaculating penis a fountain of youth? 

if everyone were blind, racial slurs would all be about how people sound. 

daddy long legs is a really pimp name for a spider 

all terms and conditions should be required to provide a tl;dr 

i wish the nsfw tags had tags; there's a big difference between titties and heads falling off.

the woman i am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching netflix, and there's no way i'll ever meet her.

whoever is controlling me sucks at this game 

naming a dolphin "flipper" is like naming your kid "arm" 

handcuffing a deaf person infringes upon their 1st amendment rights. 

if alvin &amp; the chipmunks 4 is brave enough to release the same day as star wars vii: the force awakens, you're brave enough to ask your crush out.

californians don't dress like 1840s gold miners. virginians don't wear powdered wigs like their ancestors. floridians don't dress like

the reddit front page is the millenial's "morning paper." 

stephen hawking is the result of god min / maxing a character 

i wonder how many numbers between 1-1,000,000 i've never heard 

since the simpsons first aired i've gone from barts age to homers age 

whenever a famous person dies, someone goes through their entry on wikipedia and changes every "is" into a "was"

imdb needs a filter search results by "available on netflix" option 

at the end of each day, life should ask us whether we want to 'save changes'. 

if elon musk really is our tony stark, we should trap him in a cave until he creates a fusion reactor

the term yolo is anti-hinduism 

if i concentrated as much at work as i do when i shave my balls i'd be a millionaire by now...

in i am legend, a man manages to survive three years with a dog as his sole companion but dies after merely 24 hours with a woman

if the mayans had predicted 2016 as the final year instead of 2012, it would have been pretty convincing

on the day arnold schwarzenegger dies the phrase "hasta la vista" will be said more times than any other day in history.

what if leonardo dicaprio stars as himself in a movie - where he struggles to win an oscar...and wins an oscar for it?

we're the only species that pays to live on earth. 

my parents told me about rotary phones. i'll tell my kids about pressing a button three times to text a single letter.

nsfw posts actually draw my attention and curiosity rather than deterring me from the post

when browsing in incognito mode, google should autofill your search results with all the dirty and nsfw results it refuses to do in normal mode.

homosexuality predates christianity, so it's actually more natural to have gay sex than it is to worship jesus

i'd find less money on the ground if i was more confident 

there's probably a thousand gay people coming out of the closet today just to test the waters

instead of purple, visited links on reddit should turn red. that way, redditors can say that they have 'red'it.

lots of rap songs are going to sound really corny once weed is legalized nationally.

when you procrastinate you're basically telling your future self, "fuck you, you do it"

it's always such a relief when i log on to reddit in the morning and the top post isn't about mass murder.

when my grandma says "this is my jam," she means something very different than the girls at the club.

what if the 'monster' under your bed sees you as the monster on top of the bed, and is so terrified he keeps as still and quiet as possible.

the people who bitch about millenials are the same people who were responsible for raising us.

i buy trashbags just so i can throw them away. 

ellen should give away more stuff like oprah and rename her show ellen de generous

coffee should have a caffeine percentage indicator just like alcohol percentage in beer, wine, etc.

al pacino sounds more like a food modifier than a name. "i'll have the spaghetti al pacino."

bing.com would be a great password since no one intentionally types it 

netflix needs a “i have 30 min before i’ll fall asleep and i want to watch something funny” category.

death only exists from a 3rd person perspective. 

the battery 

my actual work 



there should be movie theaters with separate bathrooms per screen and the audio playing while you go.

kid rock should change his name to adult country. 

instead of a finale the simpsons should just keep retiring characters as all the voice actors die. the final episode will just be shots of an empty

whatever happened to the guy who had his face eaten by the guy in miami? everyone else has forgotten about him and is talking about north korea and

there should be an average person running/swimming alongside the olympic athletes to show just how athletic these competitors are.

wtf is salt? "hey, throw this rock on your food and it will taste better. also if you don't get enough of it you'll die, and if you get too much of it you

if you're pregnant with a boy, you're growing a pair of balls 

smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you’re a procrastinator.

a stopped clock will be right twice a day, but a clock losing one second a year will only be right every 43,200 years.

facebook isn't a list of my friends. it's a list of people i used to know. 

i wonder if my house smells as weird as everyone else's seems to. 

it's weird people compare life to a roller coaster, because on a roller coaster, the downhill parts are the most fun.

pandora really needs a "no live versions or remixes" option. 

most people probably have a great fashion sense but simply aren't wealthy enough to show it.

if oceanographers ever found a kraken, they would put it in an aquarium. then an animal activist group would start a mob outside with signs saying "release

monday the 13th sounds worse than friday the 13th 

belts are gross. they're the first thing we touch after using the toilet and nobody ever washes them.

if your name is dick, everything you do is a dick move. 

cutting a corner off a piece of paper increases the number of corners it has. 

in a figurative context, the adjectives "blunt" and "to the point" have similar meanings, but in a literal context, they are exact opposites.

the penis is considered more obscene than the butt, but urine is considered less obscene than feces.

spiders are just web developers that are happy to find bugs 

i posts on reddit because my real life friends don't reply as quickly as you guys

for the next miss usa they should add a "no makeup" and "ask her ex" competition to spice things up.

dogs probably destroy shoes because they see humans put them on before they leave the house.

girls don't really buy hair ties. they just rent them from the universe for an undisclosed amount of time.

i wonder if the extras playing evil stormtroopers in the upcoming star wars films are all smiling under their helmets, as they get to fulfil their

i've been using adblock for more than five years; i have no idea what the internet actually looks like.

i probably live more comfortably than kings and queens in the distant past. 

when will.i.am dies his grave stone should say will.i.was 

pockets are probably the most underrated invention ever. 

when you "water" something you add water to it, but when you "milk" something you take milk from it.

if you rob a bank you won't need to worry about bills for the next 10 years, successful or not

in adam sandler movies, the wife always has to be a total babe so decent looking children make sense.

if apple came out with a google glass competitor, would it be called the ipatch?

what if after you die god asks you - "so how was heaven?" 

i wonder what it'd be like to see an album of all the photos you're unknowingly in the background of.

"half a dozen" is a very inefficient way of saying "six" 

lance armstrong would have been an awesome name for a medieval jouster. 

for all we know, the last human on earth might already have been born. 

if i owned a copy store, i would only hire identical twins. 

if you had never heard of the boogie man before you might think he's a pretty cool guy.

asking for someone's name is just asking what noise you should make to attract their attention

looking through your ipod and choosing a song is like saying, "how do i want my air vibrated?"

some rich philanthropist should scatter seven dragon balls across the world and grant whoever returns them one wish from his fortune.

depression is like being in a stale and abusive relationship with yourself, and wanting to break up.

you know you're becoming an adult when you already own most of the needed ingredients for a recipe.

since chris pratt is playing the lead in jurassic world, they should've just named the movie parks and rex

people who know what 'ingest' means probably wouldn't eat shampoo in the first place

only those on the fence can clearly see both sides 

for most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. then we got rid of

having the last name of down and trying to be a police officer would make the job highly inconvenient for your coworkers.

guys think girls dress up for them, but really, girls dress to impress other girls. guys work out and think it'll impress girls, but mostly impress other

/r/animalporn would be a great but horrible name for /r/aww 

not only does 12+1=11+2, but the letters "twelve plus one" rearrange to give you "eleven plus two"

in 99

company/product if i'm continuously bombarded with their ads on social media. 

making the " ~ " tilde key the official punctuation used for written sarcasm would prevent a lot of misunderstandings.

what if stephen hawking is the real slim shady but we'll never know because he can't stand up

be skeptical. tomorrow will be april fools day, so you should be wary of news reports because many will be lies intended to trick you. you should also be

my girlfriend and i broke up on july 5th. i had two independence days back to back.

today is today's birthday. 

people who've read all the game of thrones books are better at keeping secrets then most governments.

do you remember the shower thought that said that your future self is watching you right now through memories? if you do, it just came true.

major disappointment for a teen: not being invited to a party. major disappointment for an adult: being invited to a party.

refrigerators should be clear so you can see inside without opening the door 

there is a family of bears that is obsessed with wiping their asses and it is known as "advertising".

there should be an email setting that allows you to set a value (lets say 50) and if you don't open an email that many times in a row it will automatically

you know how you can tap on youtube videos to see how much time is left? i wish i could do that when some people talk

what if lucifer is still god's best angel and he is just fulfilling a duty no one else wanted to?

the ultimate goal of a good dating app is to be deleted. 

i should secretly learn a foreign language so that on the off chance i have brain surgery, i can freak people out when i wake up by only speaking it

what i like about reddit is that you can be a 18 year old nobody and still talk with some stranger that can be highly skilled in his/hers field - in

i get paid to work. i use the money to buy gym membership. the only reason i go to the gym is to get laid. i'm paying for sex

i have won as many oscars as leonardo dicaprio. 

my phone's response to a low battery is to vibrate, turn the screen on, show a visual warning and chime loudly. this seems counter-productive.

you know what'd be really cool? if someone took all of the top /r/earthporn posts and plotted them on a map

if you dig into mars' soil, are you unearthing something or unmarsing something?

google maps should have a "home town" option that starts directions from the nearest major intersection, and doesn't waste time telling me how to get out

it takes longer to say "www." than "world wide web." 

what if the saying "money doesn't grow on trees" was invented by rich people so we don't find their money trees?

someone taking down a "missing person" sign can either be really good or really bad.

when woody shook the magic 8 ball in toy story, was it self-aware like the other toys, and consciously generating a response?

today's date is palindrome. 5-10-2015. 

if you step on people's feet,they will open their mouth just like trash bins. 

the movie theater might be the only place where free wifi would be looked down upon.

if something "goes downhill" it means it worsened, but if we say things are going to go "uphill" that means it's going to get harder. there's no winning

there are too many people thinkng about obama when they're in the shower. 

$1000 worth of coke is worse for you than $1000 worth of coke. 

spiderman would be way less cool if he wasn’t living in a city full of skyscrapers.

no one ever seems to say, "you win some, you lose some" when you win some. 

if i put something in the refrigerator the first time am i just frigerating it?

redbox should team up with pizza shops so that we can get a movie delivered with our pizza

i wonder if my dogs think the delivery people are my owners because they give me food.

spotify should add a feature that keeps track of skips vs. plays to me know what songs i should delete from my music or playlists.

of course the dea doesn't want the status of marijuana to change; they would lose their easiest cash cow.

the only difference between manslaughter and mans laughter is a little space. 

since britain's new £5 note is washable, you can now launder money without being arrested for it.

i'm intelligent enough to realise that i'm not very intelligent at all. 

it always seems as if the designers of dishwasher racks have never loaded a dishwasher themselves

the pope's probably glad he gets to name himself. if the public named the pope we'd probably end up with popey mcpopeface i.

if you see a male praying mantis, he is a virgin... 

medusa would be way less dangerous if she had huge boobs 

jedi always bring a knife to a gun fight. 

people often credit the cia or mi6 as being the best intelligence agencies, but we likely have never heard of the best intelligence agency

the blood in your anus is the same blood that goes through your tongue 

i woke up this morning at 4:04am and couldn't fall back asleep. i had a 404: sleep not found.

if we had a dollar for every speculative year that the universe has existed we still couldn't pay off the u.s. national debt.

the best part about being in a relationship with a very picky person is knowing that, at least in one thing, you are good enough.

not watching episodes of a series on netflix without my girlfriend is the modern day version of chivalry.

police sirens should be illegal on the radio 

i don't actually dislike ads, i just dislike seeing the same ad, over and over, on every damn internet video i watch.

whenever i see a typo, i always look at the keyboard to see if the wrong letter is close to the letter that should have been used

the only thing destroying reddit right now is the lack of anything actually funny or interesting making it to the front page.

the symbol of christianity was a torture device. the nazi symbol meant peace. 

if hilary clinton gets elected president, she'll work every day in the room where her husband had an affair.

powerball odds are about 1 in 290,000,000. the odds that you beat out all the other sperm cells to fertilize your mothers egg is about 1 in 250,000,000. all

if redtube wasn't a thing, youtube red would be named redtube 

being a reckless driver is bad, but being a wreckless driver is good. 

eventually once all phones are waterproof we'll be able to push people into pools again

pick-up artists and garbage men should switch names 

i'm 25 years old and i am still not used to being referred to as a 'man' 

the most tragic victims of irony are that trees were cut down to make copies of the lorax.

these naked humans keep getting inside me. 

why should i go to someones funeral when i know for a fact that they will not go to mine?

people in 1995 would be really impressed by our technology today, but people in the 1950's would be really unimpressed because of their idea of the future.

future me is constantly fucked over by present me, who should have learned after being fucked over by past me

virtual reality porn is going to cause a major increase of people getting caught masturbating.

there are so many asians in the world and i never see pregnant asian ladies. 

a blind person must have a really low electricity bill. 

i've never read a science article that says an animal is dumber than we previously thought.

i feel like frodo would have some serious ptsd picking out an engagement ring. 

as adults, we are just trying to return to the days of our early childhood. we want to eat when we are hungry, sleep when we are tired, play when we are

if i drove it like i stole it, i would abide by every law to not get noticed. 

my legacy to the world will probably be a bunch of comments i left in forums buried forever on the internet.

when you get an uncomfortable boner and have to shift it's position, you're adjusting for inflation.

as a gay guy, other gay guys are both potential romantic rivals and targets at the same time.

instead of giving mass killers/rapists news coverage and nicknames that they want we should give them ridiculous names like "gayboi gacy" "baby dick bundy"

coffee cake is named because it is eaten with coffee. by this logic, french fries should be called "burger sticks."

if your tesla car gets soaked by a flood, you should park it in a bag of rice overnight.

if a woman has preference for tall men, that's ok. if a man has a preference for asian women, he has a "fetish."

vampires are intelligent but to kill them you destroy their heart, zombies are mindless but to kill them you destroy their brain.

if i decide not to have kids, i will single-handedly be responsible for ruining a 3.5 billion year streak of reproduction.

my internet bill is basically a subscription fee for all of those "free" porn websites

there should be a browser extension that changed famous names to "woman", "guy" or "human" to show how useless and ridiculous celebrity news is

if watermelon exists, why can't firemelon, earthmelon and windmelon? ... the elemelons.

does anyone else walk into a building and think, 'this place is defensible in a zombie apocalypse'?

harry potter would have been amazing if each book got a season in a netflix series.

the ceo of amazon should change his title to 'prime minister' 

the inventor of the computer had to make it without using a computer. 

i feel bad for justin bieber. he has been to every justin bieber concert. 

for someone, somewhere in america, today is the last day they'll wake up with all 10 fingers.

if 666 is evil, does that mean that 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil? 

whenever you paint the walls of a room, the room gets smaller, slightly. 

cold war reenactments are a lot easier all you have to do is sit around and look worried about russia.

if i select text in word, i should be able to capitalize all of it by hitting caps lock, or put it all in quotes by hitting the quotation mark

my dog probably thinks that every time i step outside without her, i just walk around the block for hours on end.

"do not insert q-tip into ear canal," may be the all-time most ignored product warning in history.

if a clock is broken, it will display the exact time twice a day. if it's working, it probably won't ever show the true time.

if i knew i was going to die soon, it would be funny to put up a huge collage wall in my bedroom of newspaper clippings relating to an unsolved string of

there should be a smoke detector that shuts off when you yell "i"m just cooking"

santa is a dick for letting rudolph be treated like crap until he became "useful."

if r2-d2 was carrying the plans for the death star inside of him, why did he need to jack into their system to find where to shut off the tractor beam?

there's no better alarm clock than a dog preparing to puke on the carpet. 

every time you smell a flower, you are sniffing it's genitals 

people in the future will retire to play video games instead of golf. 

it's amazing how often "can i help you?" really means "you look suspicious. who are you and what are you doing here?"

when you die without children, you're the first of millions of ancestors to not reproduce.

people used to keep diaries, and get mad when anyone read them. now we post stuff online, and get mad when people don't read it.

losing ten pounds is great in the us and sucks in the uk. 

the parental guidance feature on imdb is for parents to see if the movie is suitable for their children, i use it to see if its suitable for me to watch

if baby humans and animals look so cute to keep us from caring how annoying and needy they are and not kill them, i wonder if blind people are more prone

it's genius of apple and the fbi to pretend that the feds don't already have complete access to everyone's iphones.

when we finally invented a three-dimensional mode of transport, we named it a "plane"

apple should invent something like a cord that ties airpods to iphones so that they don't get lost.

cups are only designed for use within a strong gravitational field. 

today, hannah montana would be miley cyrus' mild-mannered alter ego. 

i prefer random redditors to facebook friends i know. 

what if dogs bring the ball back because they think you enjoy throwing it? 

neil armstrong backwards is gnorts, mr alien 

i live alone with a cat. the most used word in my home is probably "meow". 

in the dc universe, there are probably a lot of authentic batarangs being sold on ebay.

"hair" refers to a whole head of hair, while "hairs" refer to just a few individual hairs. "hairs" is a plural that actually means less than its

i live in a society where it's socially acceptable to say "i'm so hungry i could eat a horse", but it's not actually socially acceptable to eat a horse.

"dumpling" sounds like what you would call a tiny shit 

as a man, the less attracted i am to a woman i'm having sex with, the longer i last with her and the more i'm able to please her.

only people that are organ donors should be allowed to receive organs in the event that they need one. that would be the most fair way, and more people

if a three year old says eli5, he's just being cocky. 

gagging during a blowjob is really a romantic sound, think about it. someone is choosing your dick over the oxygen they need to survive, that really warms

band aid packages should be engineered to be opened with one hand as in most cases you will only have one hand free

if cannibalism was socially accepted, saying "i'm in the mood for chinese" would have a completely different meaning.

i'm permanently logged in to facebook, gmail &amp;c. because i know i'm the only one who uses my computer, but i still watch porn in incognito mode in

if the world just built an island exclusively to host the olympics it would be safer, more cost effective, and totally bad ass.

0 ad was just over 2000 years ago. that's only about 30 modern lifetimes laid back-to-back.

sometimes when im naked infront of the mirror i think to myself... i've jerked that guy off.

religious wars are basically extreme versions of comic fanboys fighting over which fictional superhero is stronger

the letters in the alphabet after o and p are just o and p but with their dicks out

there is a whole number that exists so large that just to speak it would take you your entire lifetime.

at one point in my life i shifted from using my weekdays to recover from my weekend to using my weekend to recover from my week.

a lot of innocent chefs in medieval times must have been executed because the king's food taster had allergies, which they wouldn't have understood.

it takes 2 seconds to pick up a penny. that's technically $18 an hour. more than i make at work.

i've started letting spiders live so they can kill the bugs in my house, and now i'm leaving bugs alone so my spiders have something to eat.

there are 1.2 billion cars on the road right now. one of our biggest goals is to keep them from touching.

we admire hair when its on someone's head but the second it is no longer attached to the head it becomes gross.

i've literally broken enough minor laws that if fully punished i would spend the rest of my life in jail, but i've never even been arrested.

if i lost at russian roulette i wouldn't even know 

mark hamill plays the joker, who is in arkham, and "arkham" is also in mark hamill, the joker. (m-arkham-ill)

if our buttcracks were horizontal they'd clap when we climbed stairs. 

what if radiation in space was designed so human's can't explore? like in a video game when you are outside the map you die?

nip slips would be a lot better if they were called peek-a-boobs 

cats were the first animal to dominate the internet because everyone with dogs were outside playing with them

when self driving cars become popular, drunk driving could mean waking up in a completely different city or even country because you drunkenly told your car

if marijuana and prostitution both become legal across the us, i could open a combination fueling station, brothel, and dispensary called "the gas, ass, and

if i was a gotham socialite i would have long since stopped going to benefits and fundraisers out of fear of being gassed, frozen, or tied up.

as marijuana is legalized, someone is going to be the last person jailed for selling pot.

neil a. backwards is "alien", and he was the first human alien on another celestial body...

on april fools day, brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally

the surface of the moon resembles the front yard of a redneck; complete with an old car, random junk and an american flag

lorde should dress up as randy marsh for halloween, then post a picture on instagram saying she decided to not wear a costume and dress casual for the

technically, everything on reddit is nsfw as you probably shouldn't be on reddit at work.

as a kid i hated my common, boring name. today, i love that no one can google me.

disney/pixar movies about animals always increase sales of those breeds. they should research the most difficult breeds for shelters to re-home and make a

it's all fun and games until your younger sibling starts crying within earshot of your parents

aren't all galaxies 'far far' away? 

the trees cut down to make jenga blocks are repeatedly forced to relive their own death.

we take it for granted, but a single dorito contains more extreme nacho flavor than a fifteenth-century peasant would experience in an entire lifetime.

youtube should have an audio-only mode for listening to music on data-capped connections.

the chance to be the first murderer on mars is still open. 

girls wear makeup to look older. women wear makeup to look younger. 

diabetes sounds like the name of a mythological greek hero. 

showerthoughts are caused by not having contact with any electronics, books, or people for ~30 minutes.

all flashlights should have a glow-in-the-dark band on them so you can find them when you need a flashlight

when marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday.

"textbook" is a pretty meaningless way to differentiate a type of book. 

there are millions and millions of websites out there, and i think i use about six of them

thieves should carry handheld vacuums to scare away guard dogs 

fire trucks are actually water trucks. 

authors probably don't even intend half of the symbolism and "deeper meaning" that you have to find in literature classes

reddit and 'whose line is it anyway?' should have the same slogan: "where everything is made up and the points don't matter"

100 years from now, 'doing the robot' will have an entirely different meaning. 

walter white did a better job of getting rid of drug dealers than hank. 

if will smith wins an oscar next year people will say it's because his wife protested. if he doesn't win an oscar people will say it's because his wife

my xbox live gamertag is older than some of the people i play with over xbox live.

netflix should have a binge watching option that skips the intro if you're intent on spending a weekend watching every single episode of doctor who.

google should mess with us by always making the link to the déjà vu wikipedia page purple

saying "um" is the human equivalent to buffering. 

there should be a dating site called netflix and chill, and people are only matched by how similar their netflix accounts are.

if i had the same mental clarity as i do at night all day long, i would be a very successful person

they should call the big boxes of condoms the anti-family pack. 

how did a guy with a name like 'magic johnson' wind up an athlete and not a porn star?

"you can say that again!" and "you don't have to tell me twice!" are opposites but mean the same thing.

apple sauce is just baby food that is socially acceptable for everyone to eat 

millions of people who used ashley madison are angry right now that their trust was betrayed

if your neighbor has wind chimes, you have wind chimes. 

what if the asteroid that hit earth and killed all the dinosaurs was a ufo .. and we're the aliens

if hillary clinton becomes president, she'll sit at the same desk bill sat while he and monica lewinsky had an affair.

"if you resolve to give up bacon, you don't actually live longer; it just seems longer."

girls always say they appreciate the little things in life, until you whip out your little penis.

a good slogan for a condom company would be "come prepared" 

maybe a hot chocolate wants to be called beautiful chocolate just one time. 

buying a new computer online is like making your current one dig its own grave.

a robot we put on mars can send high resolution images back to earth but i can't get cell service in the mountains.

websites should have a "before you reset your password, here are the stupid rules we required in the first place" option.

every orifice on a donkey is an asshole. 

"if its not an iphone, it's not an iphone." is a great slogan for android too. 

one of the biggest compliments a cook at home can get is "wow tastes like a restaurant"; one of the biggest compliments a restaurant chef can get is "wow

god is the most afk admin ever 

the only thing pennies are useful for is to prevent me from getting more pennies.

there's probably a shiba-inu dog owner somewhere, who's never been on the internet and wonders why strangers point and speak like total idiots whenever

breaking bad was an epic psa urging us to pay educators more. 

adding "man" to "i love you" actually makes it less gay. 

when i was a kid, everyone wanted to be a video game tester. now that companies just release broken games and fix them, we all got what we wished

because the internet wasn't around when i was in highschool. going to a class reunion is pretty much facing 90

to as a teenager. 

smartphones should have an option to deactivate the swipe feature when showing someone a picture.

i have never heard a woman narrate a movie trailer. 

we pay money to wear advertisements for a clothing company 

as a cook everything i make turns to shit 

extremely glad that youtube was not popular when i was a child. i would've absolutely made some cringey, terrible shit.

if i die in my sleep people will say "at least he died doing something he loved".

we will be the last generation to have witnessed life without the internet. 

bras are actual booby traps. 

there are 80 million posts submitted to reddit per year, everyday 150 posts get to frontpage. so my chance of getting this post to frontpage is about



as a kid i would have loved to have $100 in my bank account. now as an adult i get scared when i have $100 in my bank account.

when you say "forward" or "back" your lips move in that direction. 

it's easier to make friends when you're a kid because you don't have any interests yet, so you and your friends develop interests together and bond

every time i hear someone talk to their dog in a foreign language, my first thought is always, "that dog can't understand you, lady."

the person who programed the timer in automatic faucets should re-learn how to wash their hands.

i can't wait till it's the future and the kid that got into the harambe pit does an ama

annoying pop-ups that ask me to turn off adblock never succeeded. instead they just make me stop using the site.

when you drink alcohol, both you and the alcohol get drunk. 

elizabeth has to be the most versatile western name. you can go by elle, ellie, liz, lizzie, liza, lisa, libby, beth, betty, or betsy.

harry potter fans who have only seen the movies have no idea who peeves is. 

it's quite possible that in an alternate dimension people are mysteriously gaining an additional sock or two every time they dry their laundry.

the sounds of nature that we enjoy when we're outdoors is basically every organism out there screaming "a/s/l?!"

at one point in my life, i was exactly pi years old. 

when i die i want to be buried at a fat camp so if i become a zombie i can catch a slow meal.

i've probably masturbated more times than i've been told to go fuck myself. 

there should be a show called finding people finding bigfoot. the premise of the show would be to dress up as bigfoot and walk around the woods trying to

what if kanye is naming his album waves because he actually is a gay fish 

if you're good at golf, i just assume you've had a very privileged life. 

tooth brushing = skeleton polishing 

google is the place you go when you have a question. reddit is where you go to find the questions you would never have ever thought to ask.

most of people we see in real life are dressed and most of animals are naked. but in the internet most of people are naked and most of animals are

pollen is essentially plant sperm. therefore, this makes hay fever an std. since no one voluntarily takes in pollen, i've concluded that we're all

netflix should come out with an "offline queue" where you can download one movie at a time to your device to watch offline during car and plane rides.

we now have hundreds of emojis, but i still cannot underline, bold, or italicize in a text message.

i can't submit anything on reddit because most subreddits want a minimum amount of karma. i can't get any karma because i'm not allowed to submit

punishing students who skip school with suspension makes no sense 

everybody is actually just a naked person in disguise. 

all worms are earth worms. 

people who buy the iphone 7 won't be able to catch it mid-air when they drop it by holding the earphones cable.

if google street view archived its data by year, then imagine using vr to walk through a 50-200+ year old version of nyc in the distant future.

there should be a "blown out candle" scented candle. 

sex and extreme sports are actually quite similar: you come dangerously close to changing the world's population count by 1.

howtobasic should make an april fools video where he cooks something correctly.

in my humble opinion, every time a sock goes missing in the dryer, it travels through a multidimensional portal and comes back as an extra tupperware lid in

time could be freezing for billions of years every five minutes and we would have no idea.

people use "like a boss" to signify something done well, but all the bosses i've worked for have been idiots.

"netflix and chill" is now as annoying as "keep calm and carry on" 

turning 20 means i have now beaten teen pregnancy. 

what if every time we blinked we took a photo and when we died we good go back through our own personal photo gallery

posting on reddit is a lot like having a conversation with my father. no matter how good an idea it is, something will always be found wrong with it.

dribbling a ball is passing to your future self 

there's probably more praying going on in a casino than in a church. 

for the next "dirty jobs", mike rowe should try being a senator. 

about 30 years ago, president nixon was almost impeached for wire tapping one building. today, the u.s. government (including the president) can record data

the westboro baptist church should start protesting marijuana now so that it will become legal, too.

whether you're going the speed limit, under the speed limit or over the speed limit, someone is going to be irritated with you.

if 666 is the mark of the beast then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil 

instead of calling it a getaway car, we should call it a "fleehicle". 

when you pass roadside memorials on the highway, it's kinda like you're beating their highscore.

showerthoughts is almost exactly what i hoped twitter was going to be, but now twitter has turned into what i imagine spam mail is like.

i've never seen a man complain about a lack of plus sized male models. 

only when reddit is down do i realize the only website i use is reddit 

for decades parents told their children to empty their plates so that the sun will shine. today we have fat kids and global warming.

showerthoughts was someones showerthought 

in porn video they have shitty music, in music videos they have shitty porn 

i would rather risk buying an exploding samsung phone than an iphone without a headphone jack

you should be able to downvote google links that were completely worthless or spammy

the best way to be passive aggressive is to order a "worst trophy shop" trophy from a trophy shop and never pick it up

in 2020, it's going to be 4/20 for a whole month 

if amazon sold a suicide machine, it would only have negative feedback 

every time i hear the word "dictator", i think "penis potato" 

in chess, the queen is the hero and the king is the damsel in distress. 

in 2016 it takes 28 minutes for me to hear about and be semi clear on details of military uprising half way around the world.

people born in 2016 will probably be alive to see the year 3000 

i still find driving crazy. we trust complete strangers going 50 miles per hour driving 3000 pound machines not to hit us, with the only thing separating

i used to think i could control ducks with my mind. but then i realized that ducks and i have very similar ideas about what ducks should do.

imagine being deaf and finding out that farts make noise 

if you time-travelled to the future, you'd probably die of one of the future contagions that you have no immunity to.

the space between "girlfriend" and "girl friend" can be called the friend zone.

the no. 1 movie at the box office on martin luther king day weekend is a movie about a sniper.

the opposite of /r/mildlyinteresting should be wildlyinteresting instead of /r/interestingasfuck

telling someone they shouldn't be sad because other people have it worse than them would be like telling them they shouldn't be happy because other people

the person who prays for god to change things thinks god has arranged matters wrong, and also thinks they can instruct god on how they should be put right.

i wonder how many people who "fucking love science" on facebook, fucking dreaded it in middle school

if a serial killer in pursuit of a running victim started yelling "it's a prank" they would probably catch them.

hooters restaurant should introduce options for drink sizes: a cup, b cup, c cup...

tomorrow at 8:25pm and 30 seconds, it will be 5/10/15 20:25:30 

i have visited imgur countless times, yet never once have i purposefully gone to imgur.com for the sake of imgur.

there's probably a number between 1 and 1,000 that i've never said before. 

if i have twins, i would name them leon and noel. 

16 year olds are winning olympic golds, and i'm still here asking my mom how long i should microwave my food for

a calendar doesn't actually tell you what day it is. it just gives you a list of options to choose from.

what idiot put an ‘s’ in the word lisp 

lol has gone from meaning, "laugh out loud" to "i have nothing else to say". 

death is your last first experience. 

avogadro makes mole. avocados make guacamole. 

if cigarette taxes are to stop people from smoking, doesn't that mean income taxes are to stop people from working?

most of the people that are mad at colin kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem are sitting at home on the couch during the anthem

if there was an alien race whose morality is inverted (our good is their bad) and we ever make contact we'd try to be nice to them but they'll get pissed

when i was younger, spending $20 on dvd's and eating from the dollar menu was a regular occurrence. now, i spend $20 making dinner and rent movies for a

life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.

if i got poo on any other part of my body, using tissue paper to wipe it off would be nowhere near enough

i had this revelation today: i can tell when my husband is taking a shit when he mass - likes my posts on facebook.

my garbage disposal eats better than 98



wu-tang clan should release "once upon a time in shaolin" for free, making martin shkreli the one person who paid millions of dollars for something that

women are born with all the eggs they'll ever have. so though i was born in the 1980s, i've existed since the 1950s.

the speed of light exists because that's the maximum speed this simulation can buffer environments for rendering and collision detection.

if the average penis size is 5.5 inches and there are about 3 billion men on earth, then we have enough penis to get to the moon.

there should be an emergency pin code for your bank account that gives out money but also notifies the police

being good because santa claus is coming to town is the opposite of being good for goodness' sake.

snapchat should have a nsfw or a "do not open around other people" indication box option when sending snaps.

american society thinks its perfectly acceptable for an 18 year old to make money getting gang-banged in a porn, but that same 18 year old is not mentally

on the internet, you are male until proven female. 

helen keller would have probably been completely immune to flash-bang grenades.

why doesn't a liquor brand use the saying "you miss 100

don't take"? 

up voting something that has already made it to the front page is like giving bill gates a dollar.

saying "i've loved you since our first date" is way less creepy than saying "i love you" on the first date.

if you break a pencil, you have two pencils. if you break a pen, you have zero pens.

i wonder how many times i ate eggs that came from a chicken i ate 

having random boners as a teenager is like having a pokemon that is too high of a level to control.

"pay to win" gaming isn't new. in the 80s it was called "insert coin(s) to continue"

the words "similar" and "same" are similar, but not the same. 

"walt disney's frozen" is both a movie and a fact. 

lucky rabbit's feet come from unlucky rabbits. 

what if we only love our parents because of stockholm syndrome? 

you kill time until time kills you 

in sci-fi, future people eat bland, colorless paste containing all necessary nutrients. in reality, we eat brightly colored foods with intense flavors and

when my wife's parents encourage us to have children, they're really just telling me to bareback and creampie her more often.

imagine if aliens actually visited earth, but during the jurrasic era, saw a t-rex and just noped their way out of here.

reddit can rename the "share" button to "spreddit", "delete" button to "shreddit" and karma to "creddit". yet it has not. i don't geddit.

if 72 virgins is the reward for blowing yourself in a crowd of innocent people, someone should start a peaceful religion that awards 73 virgins for

a cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber. 

saying "a ton of fat people" could just mean "several fat people". 

i never realized i farted so much till i started dating. 

when i google an average word to be sure of its precise definition before posting on the internet, i wonder if the cia thinks, "this guy is a real

a dildo can also be called a selfie stick. 

i have never told person 2 that person 1 said hello. 

there are probably epic space battles happening right now somewhere. 

when i'm driving, i hate pedestrians. when i'm a pedestrian, i hate cars. but no matter what i'm doing, i hate bicyclists.

all movie spoilers are tagged nsfw because reddit doesn't have a spoiler tag. it makes /r/starwars looks like a porn sub-reddit

there should be a hair salon for introverts where all the stylists are comfortable with silence.

there should be an express line in coffee shops for those of us that only want coffee so we don't have to wait for all the ridiculous "fancy" drinks to be

as a child, i was always afraid of teenagers. as a teenager, i was afraid of other teenagers. as someone who has graduated high school, i am still afraid

the most unbelievable thing about zombie movies/shows isn't the dead people coming back to life. it's the fact that nobody seems to have heard of zombies

asking a quiet person why they're being so quiet is the equivalent of telling angry person to calm down

what if i'm already dead and heaven exists but my idea of paradise is to remain in the real world so i never even knew i had died?

every bag of chips is family size if you're an orphan. 

reddit is like the fridge: you keep checking back until your standards drop low enough to just take what's there.

czechsmix would be a great domain name for a czechoslovakian dating website. 

i would probably take better much care of my body if i had implanted sensors giving me live feedback of my body's vital stats and i could earn points and

what would happen if alex trebek did an ama and everyone gave him answers and he responded with questions.

does my dog think i'm a hypocrite because i poo in the house? 

some memes are older than the kids browsing them 

"i'm brutally honest" and "i have no filter" are polite ways of saying "i'm an asshole".

if i was one of the first astronauts on mars i would pat curiosity rover on the head like a good dog.

nirvana lyrics: 'i feel stupid, and contagious', should be the anthem for the antivaccine movement.

i think we can all agree that neil armstrong, the first person to walk on the moon, was not a werewolf.

because of muscle memory, i think i would forget some passwords if i lost my hands.

the toys-r-us mascot shouldn't be a giraffe, it should be a dinosaur, the "toy-saurus."

i might have ejaculated a genius. 

you never really appreciate an unblocked nose until you have a blocked nose. 

what if every marvel movie has ant-man as a cameo, but we just don't know it 

the phrase "hanging up the phone" has lost its significance. 

the opportunity to take my car to get washed by a bunch of bikini clad college girls seemed to be a lot more promising when i was a kid in the 80s.

i get oddly stressed when i see someone post a screen shot and their phone's battery is low.

it's kinda misleading that the xbox logo is an x in a circle 

telling a depressed person to just cheer up is like telling a drunk person to act sober

if kanye west becomes president, it will be the first time in history that millions of people have seen the first lady's nudes.

the longest time most of us spend without masturbating starts when we're born and ends when we masturbate for the first time

i should get out soon or i will be late for work. 

bats must be like angels to rats 

this subreddit would be way more popular if we all had waterproof phones. 

the "b" in butt looks like a butt whilst the "p" in penis looks like a penis whilst the "v" in vagina looks like a vagina.

we're quickly moving towards a society where both work and leisure consist of staring at a screen.

cats have no fucking idea they're on the internet. 

plagiarism is when you get in trouble for something you didn't even do. 

mobile porn sites should make all buttons big enough to click with your nose. 

i really need a day in between saturday and sunday. 

if you skydive and your parachute doesn't open, you have the rest of your life to open it.

in a few years, french uber drivers will be throwing rocks at self-driving cars.

"as a 62 year old seventh grade teacher, this year, i will not be teaching a student born in the same century as me. "

if i spent my reddit time reading something useful instead, i could probably be an expert in something genuinely beneficial to my life by now.

i'm old enough to remember when the internet did not have ads 

the the statement "i'm stronger than guys half my age" isn't really very impressive until you hit 40.

my brain likes to refer to itself in 3rd person. 

april 1st would be the worst day for a zombie outbreak to begin 

if last names were thought up today, boobsmith would be a good name for plastic surgeons.

the song "take me out to the ballgame" is sung almost exclusively by people who are already at a ballgame.

it's called your "chest" because it holds your vital organs inside 

i've woken up over 8.000 times in my life and i still suck at it 

the human body is the worst kind of hoarder. it keeps saving fat cells "because it might need them someday".

we don't pronounce the "k" in knowledge until we acknowledge it. 

chuck e cheese is a casino for children 

blind people dont need to buy light bulbs 

father's day is really motherfucker's day 

do the people inside mascot costumes also smile when they have their photos taken?

tap dancers probably look at floors every so often and think "i'd tap that" and then chuckle to themselves.

if you told me in 2005 that in ten years, the nsa would monitoring all electronic communications, the police would be militarized and have "black

for a sociopath, life is a single player game, for everyone else it is an mmo 

a lot of gunfights could have been prevented if they'd only made old west towns bigger.

i wonder what the people that were born on the same day at the same hospital as i was, my nursery room buddies, are doing with their lives now.

dickbutt is another term for cocktail 

i've practiced way more conversations in my head than i will ever actually have in life

the only way a minor can prove that they're responsible enough to be treated like a legal adult is to commit a serious crime.

a first person pac man would have been scary: wandering around a pitch black maze, running away from ghosts, while having no clue where they would be

spiders are the only type of web developers that are happy to find bugs. 

a lot of people have a problem thinking humans evolved from apes, yet have no problem accepting that pugs and chihuahuas descended from wolves.

i hope that if monica lewinsky ever writes a memoir, she calls it "a hard bill to swallow".

if a bra can be called an "over the shoulder boulder holder", can underpants be called an "under the butt nut hut"?

if i ever have my life flash before my eyes i will have to watch myself masturbate thousands of times

there are more human nipples in the world than there are people. 

websites should tell you their password requirements when you forget your password.

all cops should have body cams with a button that they are told shuts off recording. but it doesn't do anything.

if you hear a sniper's gunshot, you're not the target. 

do twins even realize one of them was unplanned 

my life is composed of a lot of hours that i wish would hurry up, just to get to a couple hours that i wish would last way longer.

even as an atheist, when i hear "he/she is in a better place" i still find myself agreeing.

‘respect your elders’ makes no sense. i don’t care if you’re 5, 15 or 50, everyone deserves respect until they continue to act in ways that doesn’t

growing up in a house of 7, 5 of them women, i never cared which way the toilet paper was facing, i just wanted there to be toilet paper

i think a good response to "you don't take criticism well" is "you're probably right, thanks for the feedback."

all skiing is water skiing. 

buffering is our generation's static 

your future self is desperately wishing you would do something right now. 

i wonder how often baby twins are mixed up by their parents and go their whole lives with each other's identity

my city charges $10 for a parking ticket. it's cheaper to park illegally than to pay for parking at a sporting event i attend a couple of times a week.

why isn't fuck, marry, kill called bed, wed, behead? 

i have just realized i have survived literally everything life has thrown at me so far. i have an 100



i like reddit more than facebook, and i don't even know the people on reddit. 

religion is the longest game of telephone ever. 

netflix should have a setting to skip the intro music for its tv series' after the first episode viewed in a single sitting.

12 days without murder in new york could just mean 12 days without any bodies found.

if you put a hat on the ground it is like the earth is wearing a tiny hat. 

a lot of what i spend my money on eventually comes out of my butt 

i wonder if a google self driving car will require a google+ account to operate.

paying with my plastic debit card leaves a "paper trail," but paying with paper currency does not...

if you are reading brail and come across "do not touch" its already too late. 

if a guy makes a girl cum in under a minute he's a god. if a girl makes a guy cum in under a minute she laughs about it with her friends.

this isn't nsfw but will be flagged as such because bots don't understand double negatives.

if you're polite on the internet, you must be a really nice person in real life.

you never really outgrow having sleepovers. you just eventually pick one friend to sleepover every night for the rest of your life.

saying a movie has a "twist ending" is still a spoiler. 

isn't christianity judaism with a jesus expansion pack? 

if i replaced my shoelaces with apple earphones, i'd never have to worry about them coming undone ever again.

the first person that tested a parachute had to be a huge bad ass. 

pun intended is a pun on the word unintended!! 

about 50 yards into any lake there must be a ring of awesome skipping stones 

mcdonald's should create a $1, single-patty version of the big mac called a lil mac.

i wish at the end of our life we get a grand total of all our body's stats: miles of hair we grew, gallons we peed, liters of blood we pumped, pounds we

if someone was born tomorrow on 3/14/15 at 9:26:53... and lived for one hundred years they would have experienced a full circle in their life

if i owned an adult store, policy would have staff conclude a sex toy sale with a cheery smile and a hearty 'now go fuck yourself!'.

carrot juice is technically also orange juice 

if a girl is hotter than me, i am by definition cooler than her 

humans have a 12-16 hour battery life. 

if you say a glass is half full, then you are an optimist. if you say half empty, then you are a pessimist. when someone asks me i said it depends. if it

if money can't buy happiness why do i have to pay for my antidepressants? 

i wish the word palindrome was a palindrome 

no one would know if stephen hawking's computer became malevolent and started changing what he was saying.

light is hitting your body at 186,000 miles per second and we don't even feel it.

considering the smallest dollar note is $1, and the smallest euro note is €5, european strippers (should) earn significantly more money.

my reddit account is 666 days old today. i guess that makes it my devil's food cake day

going to work hungover is like playing your job on a harder difficulty. 

gopro should manufacture a police body camera and name it either the gopro 5-0 or the gopro popo.

when i'm old i will tell youngsters about when marijuana was illegal. 

i bet attractive people think the world is a lot kinder than it actually is. 

i cannot wait until i can pirate lego sets from a 3d printer in the future. 

i love listening to someone knowledgeable talk about a hobby i have no knowledge of. it reminds me how of much unnoticed complexity exists right

making siri say dirty things is this generations way of typing boob on a calculator

i hope that when my generation is elderly that we don't sit around and play canasta but have nightly super smash bros tournaments in our retirement homes.

pizza should have poison in the sauce and the antidote in the crust to kill off those weird people that don't eat the crust.

the top selling vhs right now will hold that record forever 

in scotland, we pay more for plastic bags for shopping than we do for university tuition

on my days off, rather than sleeping past the time i'd normally have to get up, i get much more enjoyment waking up at the same time and just laying

i see no point of labeling a public bathroom by gender when only one person can use it at a time.

will ferrell and pharrell williams have very similar names, just reversed. 

before i die, want to hire some people to come to my funeral dressed in suits and sunglasses and do some like bizarre salute when they leave so people think

i always seem to have a just strong enough data connection to play a youtube ad without interruptions but never the video i'm am trying to watch.

my dog gets scared of thunder unless i’m nearby. on some level, he trusts that i can fight off something that can shake our house.

if pinocchio said "my nose will now grow", his nose will be stuck in an infinite loop of growing and ungrowing, making him the perfect sex toy.

the song "stacey's mom" came out 12 years ago. it's likely stacey is a mom herself now. i wonder if she's got it going on too.

there is god and there is man, it's only a matter of who created whom 

"if these walls could talk," they would say nothing of interest unless they could also see and/or hear.

demetri martin's stand up routine has to be the best collection of shower thoughts ever assembled.

every day this week is a palindrome. (6-13-16 through 6-19-16) 

you know it's a rough week in the united states when 'first time police use robot with explosives to kill gunman' gets buried in the news.

in harry potter's world, people would use polyjuice potion to satisfy all kinds of sexual fantasies.

if the mayans had ended their calendar in 2016 ,instead of 2012, it would have been a lot more believable.

if i dont know exactly what is being advertised before the skip ad button pops up, you have failed as an advertiser.

knitting a sweater has to be one of the coolest things to know how to do. you're telling the world that you can tie a knot so elaborate you can wear

10 percent of my facebook friends are responsible for 90 percent of the crap in my feed.

there should be a youtube channel where they take super strong acid and pour it on different stuff

when you say longitude or latitude your mouth follows the correct direction of the word said.

i wonder if i've ever bought milk from the same cow twice. 

thanks to computers, my handwriting is the same as when i was in 2nd grade. 

i'll bet the leaders of the flat earth society don't actually believe the earth is flat, but they want a free ride into space from frustrated nasa

why aren't we more amazed that parrots can talk? 

i see a post about a new breakthrough with curing cancer almost everyday but i never hear about it again later.

vaping without nicotine is basically sucking on a pacifier for adults 

women tend to laugh at jokes told by men they think are attractive. it probably makes it confusing for guys who are legitimately funny but not

in baseball sex analogies, a "walk" should be settling for a man on man hookup. because you got on base but can't really brag about it, and there are

north korea is like the weird kid at school that everyone makes fun of until one day they bring a gun.

what if bananas constantly fight for territory when you bring them home and that's why the get bruised overnight?

on the series finale of big bang theory, the final scene should have the gang walking into the lobby of the apartment building only to see maintenence men

i've gone a full year, maybe even two, without thinking about the state of delaware.

if arkham asylum is really an asylum, batman beat the ever loving shit out the mentally handicapped

try to change the volume of your thoughts. its always the same. 

eating grilled cheese with tomato soup is just a sneaky way of eating pizza 

if you placed a map of the us flat on the ground anywhere in the us, one spot on the map would be directly over the location it represents

in superman's day, people got really excited about seeing birds and planes 

there should be a countdown at theaters from when the previews start until the actually movie starts, so i know if i have time to get a refill or use the

statistically speaking, i think it's safe to say that there's at least one serial killer on reddit

i wonder how many times i've simultaneously masturbated with someone i know. 

why was /r/starwars not called /r/2d2? 

there should be a beer that takes 21 years to craft and age so on your 21st birthday you can drink a beer made at the same time you were.

it's crazy how nobody in a zombie movie has ever seen a zombie movie. 

i would use a treadmill for hours if i had vr hooked up to google street view. 

the best way to dispose of a human is to throw it to pigs. the best way to dispose of a pig is to throw it to humans.

your bellybutton is your first scar 

a company that donates books to prisons should be called prose and cons. 

if magic johnson's basketball career failed, he would have had an incredible porn name.

asking for someone's name is just asking what noise you should make to attract their attention

i'd love to start a "church" for non-religious people who just want a community of people who do good things together.

we are all just one hit away from being one hit wonders. 

at one time or another, you have all tried using the force only to disappoint yourself and confirm the fact you aren't a jedi.

my dog has no idea that whales exist 

i have no problems watching a 45 second gif on reddit but balk at going to youtube for a 10 second video

shouldn't boat engines be rated in seahorsepower? 

this afternoon, this sub is going to blow up. 

you know what the world is missing? a celebrity animal-fucking scandal. 

if you're a member of the royal family, are all your farts noble gases? 

my life seems to be going pretty well. after all, i have just as many tour-de-france medals as lance armstrong and twice as many testicles.

the more attractive you are while online dating, the more likely you are to be flagged as spam.

my facebook friends are confusing. last month they were zoo experts, and now they are experts in european diplomacy.

there should be a car company named edison that totally rips off tesla's designs.

we've become so advanced that we spend at least the first 20 or so years of our lives getting caught up on the basics of what we've figured out so far.

it's called "cat calling" because when you call a cat they don't come to you. 

reddit should make art contests for the 503 (all servers are busy) error page image and change it every few days so it will be cool to see the new funny

i've got 99 problems and 98 of them can be attributed to poor time management and self control.

i've spent thousands of hours writing academic papers for school that only a few people read whereas a stupid comment i've written on reddit in just a few

saying "i live at work" sounds a lot more hardcore than "i work at home" 

40 years from now senior centers will go from being filled with board games and puzzles to being filled with ancient gaming consoles and their games.

educating a child is like getting them caught up on a tv show that's been running for 14 billion years.

instead of just looking up into the sky, you’re actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you onto the surface of the

most muslims probably feel no more connection to radical islam than most christians do to the westboro baptist church

i wonder what my life would be like if i actually followed through on all the promises i make to myself at 2am when all i want to do is fall asleep

clowns might do better than a well camouflaged person in a dangerous wilderness survival situation because the local carnivores would assume they

anyone who might've invented time travel is dead &amp; floating out in space because we don't yet have space travel advanced enough to keep up with the

if you're hotter than me, am i cooler than you? 

my dog probably thinks i am magical because rooms light up when i enter them. 

if you live in a house with a mail slot, you live in a mail box. 

i'm 14 billion years old, but only 23 years alive. 

beef jerky is a meat raisin 

in a movie, when the sexy protagonist has sex he takes off his shirt but when the creepy antagonist has sex they show him unzip his pants.

if a sex addict becomes a prostitute, are they then an immediate workaholic? 

the only reason i know about aleppo is because gary johnson didn't. 

there's a pretty good chance that i've unwittingly come across dead people's comments when browsing somewhat older reddit threads.

the complete opposite of a woman in a burka is a man wearing only a blindfold 

if hackers really wanted to embarrass america, they should disable the red underline that appears if you misspell a word

pizza delivery drivers should drive around with a bunch of warm pizzas and we should be able to flag them down like a taxi to buy a pizza

i would totally buy a toilet seat with a scale in it so i could see how much weight i lost every time i pooped...

steve jobs dying early is a fitting metaphor for his attitude to his company's battery life

the time between being potty trained and getting our period is the only break women get in their lives from wearing some form of diapers...

i wonder what families own a photo of me riding the same roller coaster with them.

because of the nude photo scandal the fbi are currently actual 'female boob inspectors'

the real reason john stewart and stephen colbert left comedy central is to run for president in 2016

if pigs could fly, the price of bacon would skyrocket because they'd be harder to farm.

if 52

than half of the world. 

people don't realize just how lucky we are that our forefathers decided to sign the declaration of independence in the middle of the summer.

there should be an app version of the boy scouts for adults that teaches outdoorsman skills and gives merit badges for gps tracked hikes and campouts.

during a zombie apocalypse there would be a group of "zombie rights activists " who would protest the killing of zombies because they used to be people.

the word "word" is just a word for a word. 

labels on apples should be edible. 

if you tried to forget something, and were successful, you'd never know. 

if lord of the rings was written 2000 years ago, there would be a religion based on it.

enrique iglesias and eric church have basically the same name just in a different language.

if febreze really did eliminate smells, the scented version wouldn't exist. 

it only takes 3 people to span the entire history of the united states. 

they should call it "child hoarders" instead of "19 kids and counting." 

the title of the movie "the bourne identity" is a play on words, because bourne is the present perfect tense of the word bear, so the title basically

as a kid i thought that being able to read minds would be awesome. as an adult i think that it would be somewhere between emotionally damaging and downright

i've logged countless hours of heated arguments in my head with people i know in real life that they don't know about.

you can ask a tall person for help reaching something on a tall shelf but you can't ask a short person for help grabbing something that is near the ground.

if you didn't know what it was, wind would be really terrifying. 

someone should run a facebook page that posts nothing but clickbait that links to never gonna give you up to teach people to stop clicking it

you need teeth to pronounce the word teeth. 

in 100 years google maps will have a street view feature called "retro" that will show what towns looked like in 2015

watching a 2 hour film on netflix is too big of a commitment but 4 episodes of a tv show? no problem

"i'm up for that" and "i'm down for that" mean the exact same thing. 

if god knows everything, he had to know that adam would eat the apple. so god created a sin loop.

wrestling videogames are actual competitions with no predetermined winner. does that make them more "real" than the live action they're based on?

everything is or isn't ice cream. 

if you go to webmd more than once in a week it should add hypochondria to the diagnosis

reddit is like fallout 4 you wander in a vast wasteland and occasionally find useful junk.

think how fortunate you are that your ancestors survived disease, war and feral beasts just so you could scroll on reddit

tax revenue generated from legal marijuana sales should go towards funding space exploration. the more people get high, the higher up humanity goes!

most children ( 2-5 yo)can operate intelligent devices like ipads, laptops, smartphones, but somehow they can't understand how to use the toilet.

the longer you wait for a haircut, the better deal you're getting. 

if the bachelor was mormon, the show would only be 1 episode. 

what if the only reason i'm single is because i never forwarded those chain messages?

the word 'apart' is spelled together but means seperate. meanwhile, 'a part' of something is spelled seperate and means together.

only one company makes the game monopoly 

what if the most profound showerthought ever is trapped in the mind of someone who doesn't use reddit?

i cannot wait for the south park episode about pokémon go. 

a night club is basically a party for people that weren't invited to an actual party

it's not premarital sex if we're not going to get married. 

spelling bees would be so much better if kids said "to the" in-between each letter.

any animal that dies during hibernation, essentially dug their own grave. 

pizza is the most convenient food ever until you consider the box wont fit in your trashcan.

physics is an attempt to reverse-engineer the source code of our existence. 

kids in high school typically make fun of kids who are in theater and band, yet they worship celebrities and musicians.

i want to make a store like best buy, except it's a grocery store, and we only sell items that are close to expiring. i will call it, best by:

"we're trying for a baby" is the only socially acceptable way of saying you're dropping as much semen into your significant other as humanly possible.

i bet there's some mail carriers out there with amazing pokémon go accounts 

saying there are no aliens is like scooping a tea cup into the ocean and saying [there are] no fish.

people think i'm the quiet, mysterious type but then they get to know me and realize i'm just boring

microwaves should have a silent setting. 

in my experience attending catholic school drastically reduces your chances of being catholic as an adult

if i could read minds, i could only read minds of people that speak english because i can only speak english.

battleship is just a two person bingo. 

al gore could make a band called the algorithms. 

hundreds of kids killed in syria, no one bats an eye. a lion killed and the whole world gets in a uproar.

i'm really grateful for those facebook "copy and past this status and you'll get some unrealistic reward" posts cause it helps me identify which people on

every olympic event should include one average person competing for reference. 

the nsa probably has no idea what amish communities are doing. 

stairs are just little floors to help you get between big floors. 

youtube should have a tip button on music videos so you can tip like 25 cents~ to verified artists that share their music on the site.

the illuminati is the worst secret society 

the three hobbit movies are the star wars prequels of this decade 

is the snapchat logo a ghost because the pictures will come back to haunt you? 

they should make a movie where the main character has multiple personalities. his internal monologue is narrated by morgan freeman when he's

what if our reality is a simulation, and magic existed as bugs in the code that have long since been patched?

bill o'reilly could replace jon stewart on the daily show, saying the same stuff he says on fox but with a laughter track

in 21st century, deleting history is more important than making it. 

kate upton and kate middleton are famous. how long before we have a famous kate downton?

the brain is the only organ that knows it's an organ 

fifa 16 should let you use real-money to bribe officials in online matches for a more realistic experience.

if i manage my bank account like i manage my phone battery, i'd be rich. 

if steven avery ends up freed due to making a murderer, it'll be the first time netflix ever led to anyone spending more time outdoors.

i had adblock on for so long that until today i didn't know reddit had ads. 

when i see a picture of a fat person 100 years ago, i assume they were wealthy. when i see a fat person today, i assume they're poor.

i wonder if anyone has ever walked out of a chinese buffet and said "wow that was a great decision. i am very pleased with myself right now"

a package is a euphemism for a penis. a box is a euphemism for a vagina. packages come in boxes.

i thought i made up "the floor is lava." it never occurred to me that every child knows what it is.

if men make more money than women, then financially it's a good idea to be gay.

the us has banned kinder eggs but is cool with laundry detergent gel packs that look like candy.

by the end of this century, people will start looking up their ancestors on facebook

because not everyone has a penis, i have an above average number of penises. 

i wonder how many people have a picture of me riding a roller coaster with them in their house.

red bull should have a prize giveaway named "red bull gives you things." 

we need to increase space funding. muffins made in space could float in the middle of an oven and be spheres - entirely muffin-top consistency.

there should be a late show where the guests are just random people, and they talk about their whole life.

when i'm 80 years old, will people find today's pop-culture, movies and music embarrassing? "grandad, stop playing dub-step, it's old!"

cpr is the human equivalent of punching/slamming/hitting a machine until it starts working again

pandora should show you the next song so you can decide if you want to waste a skip or wait it out.

despite everything dare taught me, not once was i ever offered drugs at school.

of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, we lucked out with it being just a yawn.

every ginger in america has trey parker and matt stone to thank for being accused of having no soul at least once in their lives

we should take a minute to be thankful about clouds emptying their water at a slow rate and in form of tiny droplets, and not pouring it in one go in a

i've never seen a baby pigeon in my life. 

facebook has become so boring that people have nothing to do but simply re-share old memories.

dog toys are only brightly colored so they're attractive to humans in the store.

at 5.5", the new iphone will be bigger than the dicks of 50

own one. 

some girls say "you'll never find another one like me" after a breakup, isn't that the point?

i wake up an hour early nearly every morning just to take a series of 10 minute power naps.

reddit is essentially a pub. if you're not local you better watch what you say or you'll piss off the regulars.

if you stumble over your cat in the dark and accidentally step on his paw, he probably thinks you're a dick, because he can see, and doesn't know that you

the phrase "a penny for your thoughts" was coined in 1522; if you adjusted for inflation, i wonder how much a thought is worth today.

i wish facebook had a "people you should delete" section instead of "people you may know" so i could conveniently clean up my friends list.

you are eventually going to stub your toe again on a very hard surface and it's going to hurt a lot. it will happen someday and all you can do is wait.

airplanes should release a powder with high hue/visibility colors when they break/impact on ocean water, which narrows down search for black box

don't be ashamed of who you are, that's your parents' job. 

ironically, chumbawumba never got back up again. 

everyone on reddit is a straight 20-something male pseudo-intellectual gamer who's kinda into fitness, until proven otherwise

it's ironic to me that the people who believe god will warn them to build an ark when the flood comes are the same ones refusing to listen to scientists

as a husband with kids, our entire family has been in my wife's vagina. 

the exact opposite of a sphere (0 corners) would be infinite corners. which would probably look like a sphere.

losing ten pounds in america is a lot better than losing ten pounds in england.

i’m only considered the ‘tech person’ in my house because nobody else thinks to google when something goes wrong.

there are no sour patch adults because we eat them all while they're kids. 

if i had a clone i wouldn't want to be friends with him because of his voice 

reddit is kinda like preschool because if you write a good comment, you get a gold star

prostitution in england could be codenamed "pound-for-pound". 

seasonal allergies are your body telling you that it is uncomfortable with plants having sex near you

hugh jackman 16 years as wolverine and never wore the yellow suit 

the last funeral won't be for the last person alive. 

reddit is the only place where i've learnt to not trust the article headlines and instead expect a stranger in the comments to tell me the truth

somewhere, out there, lives a hardcore vegan that refuses to use 'honey' as a term of endearment.

netflix really only needs a sports-streaming service and it'll render cable completely useless.

dropped the soap and just kicked the bar up the side of the tub like a half-pipe and caught it in my hand. coolest thing i've ever done that nobody

sia's final album should be titled "sia later" 

in less than a week, people will go from bitching about the "upgrade to windows 10 for free" popups, to bitching about windows 10 not being free

i bet a lot more people would be on board with the draft if they just called it "call of duty 5: actual warfare"

the extension on italian websites is ".it", so google.com in italy reads "google it"

what if cave drawings are done by cave-children and we are judging their entire society by graffiti done by kids?

true friends say good things behind your back and bad things to your face. 

the whole "don't drop the soap" joke in prisons only applies if people ignore health &amp; safety protocol by bending at the waist rather than the knees.

if gravity were to randomly cut off, cars would launch off the ground due to the force in the suspension.

i wonder how many miles my thumbs have scrolled on my phone 

when i was young i hated parents in the movies who tried to get their kid the protagonist to work for the family business. now i wish i had a family

someone on the planet has watched more porn than any other human 

the best way to refresh reddit for new posts is to fall asleep. 

pornstars who don't want to be discovered should get fake tattoos for plausible deniability.

i now feel the same way when i see "starring kevin hart" in a movie trailer as i do when i see "starring adam sandler"

cockpit is the perfect euphemism for vagina, yet you hardly (if ever) hear anyone use it as such.

being forced to watch an ad in order to watch an ad for a movie is aggravatingly ironic.

everyone says dating someone because of their personality and not their looks is a good thing but telling someone you're only dating them because of their

i have now gone from seeing a group of people at 3am and thinking, "great another drug trade" to "great another pokémon go group."

netflix should start a doubling as a dating website. like, "8 singles in your area have also watched breaking bad for 12 straight hours."

any vehicle that tom cruise drives is in cruise control 

the only way to want half of a banana is to not want half of a banana. 

no matter how much reddit tries to avoid it, the down vote button is the same as a disagree button.

maybe cats lie on top of keyboards because they think you're tickling and scratching the keyboard's belly and they get jealous

parkour is the adult version of the floor is lava. 

i've been on reddit for 3 years, and i have 6 karma, even on the internet i do nothing productive.

the only way to actually be done with my laundry is to do it naked. 

they call it tampax 'pearl' because you hide the tampon in your clam... 

if you could actually talk to animals, all you would hear is constant screaming about danger, threats, or demands for sex.

the word jewish makes it sound like you're a jew but not really. 

elevator doors are the only time it's considered reasonable to halt the progress of large machinery by sticking your limbs into its moving parts.

i wonder how many people are actively holding a grudge against me for something i don't remember doing or saying.

during the day you can see only one sun. at night, you can see over two thousand suns.

if you would have told me in 1991 mike tyson was not bad compared to oj and bill cosby i would have not believed you.

when a famous person dies, does wikipedia just click a 'dead' button which changes all the words "is" to "was"?

there should be an option of seeing only posts that you haven't clicked yet in your daily reddit front page.

even on your worst day, you've still stopped as many terrorists as the tsa. 

i would be a lot more motivated in life if every difficult thing had a progress bar that i could see.

snoop dogg should host a cooking show called "dogg foodd" 

whenever i scoop a dead fish out of my tank, i feel like that airship from the hunger games.

companies like netflix need packages made for hotels, they would make a lot of money, and people who don't have netflix will have a chance to try it out when

"i for one, like roman numerals" is a sentence that describes roman numerals and tells you how i feel about them.

if you go north long enough you'll be going south, but if you go west long enough you'll still be going west.

why isn't tinder called "ebae" 

i turned 40 today. my late father used to tell me, "i'll tell you when you're 40." today would have been a good day.

potholes should be called assholes because of the asphalt 

the company caterpillar should start making airplanes under the name butterfly.

kim jong-un might actually be the fattest guy in north korea. 

we should call all countries what they call themselves. for example, americans should call germany "deutschland". or japan "nihon".

as the mom of a 5 year old, i don't understand why all eli5 answers aren't "because i said so."

you never realize how often you use a finger until you have a cut on it 

if a pizza has radius 'z' and a thickness of 'a', then its volume can be defined as pi(z*z)a

i pay such little attention to usernames on reddit, that for all i know, the same five or ten people post every single thing.

the difference between being a high school state champion for the 100 meter dash and being the fastest man on earth is 1 second.

from a dinosaur's perspective, we're living in a post-apocalyptic world. 

knocking on somebody's door is basically punching their house until they let you in.

people say cell phones are ruining youth, but youth are reading more then ever because of them

if a 4 year old said eli5 he or she would sound like a cocky dick 

i'll throw $3 at a snack, a latte, etc, without even a second thought. but a $0.99 app? ouch - lemme think about that and read a dozen reviews...

eating a lollipop is just swallowing your flavored spit 

one of the most unbelievable things about sponge bob is that two fry cooks are home owners.

lithium is the worst name for a heavy metal band 

joggers that wear bright neon can run, but they can't hide. 

what if mr. clean is actually a skinhead whose version of clean is really just ethnic cleansing?

it doesn't matter how old i get, i'll always look up whenever i hear a helicopter.

if everyone stays in character all night, a halloween party is basically a highly confusing, plotless larp game

if i walk west i will always be going west, but if i walk north i'll eventually be walking south.

if someone is making you dig your own grave, just say no. they are gonna kill you anyway, why not make them do the work.

if string theory is true, and there are an infinite number of realities, could there be a reality in which string theory isn't true?

if there is an advanced alien civilization reading this that's hiding in order to prevent "cultural contamination", fuck you.

amazon should have "already bought one" and "not interested" buttons so the same products don't follow you around in ads for weeks on end.

i am the result of 3,5000,000,000,000 years of things successfully fucking each other.

you don't kill time, times kills you. 

landfills are going to intrigue the hell out of archeologists in a couple million years.

why are there no medium sized rappers? whats wrong with middle wayne? 

if star wars actually took place 'a long long time ago, in a galaxy far away," we could witness the destruction of the death star once the light from that

i can't believe breakfast cereal companies haven't come up with a better idea to close their damned cereal boxes.

i have never seen a starbucks commercial 

/r/aww still being up is like your parents getting you a dog to distract you from their divorce.

i live in an era where i'm actually more surprised to hear that two parents are still together than i am to hear that they're divorced

reddit should have a 'throwaway bot' where you can pm for it to post on threads for you anonymously

mr. incredible and elastigirl got really lucky when they named their son dash as they had no way of knowing he'd have super speed as a superpower.

falling asleep is the best example of "fake it till you make it". 

we make fun of twitter being 140 chars, but most of reddit only reads the title anyway.

does anyone else find it ironic that harriet tubman, a former slave, is going to be memorialized on a piece of cotton?

the fact that the "age discrimination in employment act" only applies to people over 40, is itself, age discrimination.

i notice i'm getting older because famous people are getting younger. 

the bulk of people who advocate for "abstinence only" sexual education adhere to a belief system centered around the idea that a virgin can get pregnant.

little caesar's should offer a 2 for 1 deal on the ides of march. the slogan should be "eat 2, brute."

what if the only reason we haven't actually encountered a time traveler is because this time period is awful and nobody wants to go back to it?

eyeballs look fucking terrifying, but put it in a socket and dress it up with some lids and lashes and they become quite pretty.

bacteria multiply by dividing. 

i could be anyone and you'd have no idea 

iceland is the best country to be in during a zombie outbreak. it is an island, it has a small population, is energy independent, and has volcanoes

every time you paint a room it gets smaller. 

kleenex and other tissue brands profit from sadness, sickness and masturbation 

getting pissed at a video game is basically like saying "i paid you to distract me from real life, and you can't even do that right"

i wonder how many drugs have failed animal testing, but would have worked in humans

we humans have set up a society in which we require a minimum number of laps around the sun for a person to drink fermented plant juice.

in 6 or 7 years people are going to have to stop referring to the 1920's as simply "the twenties"

cup holders are just cups for cups. 

"one mans junk is another mans treasure" would make a good slogan for a gay pride parade.

learning to code has totally fucked my google search history. for example, "do you fork a child before or after you kill the parent?"

people born in 1969 can't use 69 in their username without people thinking they're immature teenagers.

we should have an 'annual holiday' where we turn off all the lights and look at the night sky.

"nice guys finish last" might actually be about sex. 

with guitar hero no longer in production, my ability to play the game on expert mode is a useless talent i'll never be able to preform again.

facebook is the refrigerator of the internet. i keep going back to it expecting something to appear that i'll enjoy.

if us and russia exchanged few warhead strikes, we could all play fallout go. 

the other day when reddit's first post was reposted, it momentarily became the first and last post on reddit.

if volkswagen was in the cloning industry, their slogan could be "we double you". *german accent*

text-to-911 should be more widely available, as it allows people to report a crime without looking suspicious or making a sound.

half the world is starving and the other half is trying to lose weight. 

if you're a generous person that expects nothing in return for your deeds, you are literally good for nothing.

as someone with depression dying for someone is nothing. living for someone is harder than anything.

masturbating before the internet will become my generation's "walked over 5 miles to school in the snow"

i wonder how many miles i've scrolled on my mouse 

if mike wazowski opens up a tattoo shop it would be called monsters ink 

private school is pay to win irl. 

people find it ridiculous that an elephant can be scared of a mouse yet so many humans are terrified of insects

fat people have more skin, so aren't they actually more skinny than thin people?

nascar is just advertisements going around in circles. 

bank robbers probably find out how much money they have stolen by watching the tv instead of counting it all out.

dogs are proof that you can buy friends 

toys r us should change their mascot from a giraffe to a dinosaur, a "toysaurus".

if you send out 7000000 text messages from an anonymous source with a unique lottery number and "from your future self", after the draw you will have the

piglet was best friends with a tiger and a bear. his anxiety disorders were completely justified.

i am forever disappointed that a group of squid is not called a squad 

if i ever open a record store it will be named, "the vinyl countdown." 

i raise this glass to all unknown time travelers that saved this world numerous times with no credit for it.

if you move your sight from the book you are reading, the story automatically pauses.

saying okay google is essentially the equivalent of saying go go gadget phone 

if you ever met someone that had the same voice as you, you'd be the only two people not to realise.

i'm a straight female who always goes to the dentist twice a year. at some point in my life, the amount of time i've spent with dicks in my mouth

they should charge less for drinks in the drive-thru because you can't refill them.

when a pop-up ad appears, not once have i considered using their service before closing the ad.

with every passing second you very slowly move up the leaderboard for oldest living person.

we think it's socially acceptable to all get together and drink poison on weekends

i wonder if i've ever paid with the same note or coin more than once. 

every morning, you grow one day closer to eating your next plate of nachos. 

camouflage is essentially america's away colors. 

snakes are free range tentacles. 

i never poke fun a a post with spelling or grammar errors partly because i'm not a dick and partly because i know my response will without fail have a

if star wars really happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, we might be able to watch it through a telescope right now or at some point in

i just realized "discovered" is the negative form of "covered" 

people say "national healthcare isn't free, you pay for it with your taxes!" but they wouldn't say "going for a walk isn't free, you pay for those roads

my dog probably thinks that i'm walking around the block alone for 12 hours while i'm at work.

i spend more time at the place that pays me than i do at the place i pay for. 

when you dip a french fry into ketchup you're dipping potato into tomato. 

if you threaten to throw batteries at someone, it's assault. if you hit someone with a salt shaker, it's battery.

if that shitty charmander stays viral long enough, one day that guy will take off his shirt and someone will say "i can't believe you got a tattoo of that

on facebook users want as many friends as possible so that more people can see their posts, on reddit users want as few friends as possible because one of

i was born dec 31st. the world counts the seconds until my birthday is over, then parties because it's ended.

no other generation will know the horror of cleaning a mouse ball roller. 

in a way, after darth vader cut off luke's hand, he followed it up with "i fucked your mom."

kissing is making a tunnel anus to anus 

isn’t it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything and then one hand that just sits there like, “i don’t know how to hold a pencil."

i totally understand how batteries feel because i'm rarely ever included in things either.

when i leave a safe gap in front of me on the road, it's not an invitation for you to overtake me and fill it.

every day is 'bring your kid to work day' if you're pregnant. 

the entire point of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gun fight. 

the second "n" in "peninsula" is the greatest cockblock in the dictionary. 

my life must be pretty bad if i'm looking forward to the parts where i'm unconscious.

they should take reddit down for a week and fuck with the internet "writers" that steal all their content from it.

hackers have broken this year's biggest stories, while journalists have tried to cover them up.

will.i.am's tombstone should say "will.i.was." 

we use escalators, get fat, and then use stairmasters 

i wonder what "don't touch" is in braille. 

there needs to be a reality show like wife swap, but instead, a poor family switched places with a rich family for at least two weeks.

youtube shouldn't just show how many views a video has, but the average amount of time people watch before they click away from it.

getting a haircut is like the final boss of making small talk. 

whenever i see, "do not use knife" on a box, what i read is, "use knife carefully".

in movie, wizard of oz, the tin man and scarecrow could've just killed the lion and taken his heart and brain.

what if stephen hawking is really a vegetable, and his computer is an artificial intelligence?

if steve harvey hosts the oscars next year, leonardo dicaprio might stand a chance to win one.

let's name the new planet pluto, and keep going like nothing happened. 

the course of human history might be completely different if every man's penis was exactly the same size

after a long road trip, there is a sense of relief once you're back in range of your radio presets.

if jesus was born to a virgin mary, then he'd only have an x chromosome. that would make jesus a female.

if "\o/" means 'yay', does "lol" mean 'i surrender'? 

i've developed an intense hatred towards products/companies that force me to watch 30sec ads on mobile youtube without a 5sec skip. ad money well spent.

3 of the 5 senses are acceptable to use to express understanding. you can say "i hear that!", "i feel you!", or "oh, i see!", but it's weird if you say "i

the only time i ever want to have a penny is to keep from getting more pennies 

i can't believe dc failed to make a story about a team of human convicts believable, but i never once questioned marvel's gods from another world

how pissed is the guy who killed 9 people in sc, trying to start a race war, but instead, ended the confederate flag as we know it?

getting dick pics is like a cat giving you a dead mouse. "i can see you're proud, but i'm going to throw that away without ever touching it."

humans have become scientifically advanced to the point of engineering 75-ton planes that fly tens of thousands of feet high. but we're still superstitious

in the last four days "grab them by the p***y" has been said more times than all the other days in history, combined.

django the bounty hunter killed samuel l jackson, but in an alternate universe samuel l jackson killed jango the bounty hunter.

when you lose a glove or shoe, there should be a place to donate the remaining glove or shoe to people with only one limb

when bored, you open reddit, see the same stuff you saw an hour ago, close it, then open it up again. reddit is like the fridge of the internet.

dogs would feel so betrayed if they ever learned the majority of our short trips out are to go eat without them.

running with scissors and scissoring with runs are both bad ideas. 

the media stopped talking about ebola as soon as there were no more patients in the us.

i have never seen a starbucks commercial. 

kim kardashian gave birth to northwest, does that make her vagina the northwest passage?

if you saw the world's first zombie in your front yard and killed it to save humanity, it would just look like you murdered somebody.

i wonder how much time is left on all the microwaves in the world that were stopped too early right now

does anyone else feel like they are just barely smart enough to not be completely ignorant of how crazy our society is, but too stupid to do anything

i trust the world so little, i look both ways when crossing a one-way sreet. 

i'm such a lazy shit that i actively avoid youtube links on reddit, because i don't have time for a video.

mario is definitely homeless. he wakes up every day wearing the same clothes, runs around in sewers, beats up people for their money, and what does he spend

i wish the us would invade the us to build functioning roads and establish a democracy.

saturday is the day you waited six days for just so you could do nothing. 

if you were illiterate, alphabet soup would just be noodles. 

i wonder if people in mexico ever complain about jobs in america stealing all their mexicans.

there should be a mode on cell phones where you input how long you need the battery to last, and the phone will do everything it can to get to that point.

as i've grown older i've realized that santa likes rich kids more than everyone else

now that i'm an adult, if i ever found a portal to narnia in my closet i would probably start storing things in narnia. i imagine building a large storage

"angry birds" and "grand theft auto" are both about destroying things while flipping the bird at pigs.

if aliens actually landed, there would be conspiracy theories explaining why they didn't.

the first tissue in every box should be attached to the cardboard lid so it pulls out as you open the pack, rather than awkwardly grabbing 3 or 4 tissues

a birth certificate is effectively a baby receipt 

starting a family is like starting a really big group project. 

most of the time.. when you're crying, nobody notices your tears. most of the time when you're worried, nobody feels your pain. most of the time when you're

the trunk of an elephant is at the front, the trunk of a tree is in the middle and the trunk of a car is at the back.

tree houses force trees to hold up the corpses of their fallen brothers and let children play inside of them.

with the advent of the smart phone, i probably learn more on the toilet than anywhere else in the house.

i'm at the age when having 'an adult night with the husband' means eating fudgicles on the couch and watching a movie with swear words.

i wonder how many strangers have stories about me. 

the more you get to know someone, the less you use their name 

i'd like to see a forrest gump sequel about his incredibly intelligent son, who has miserable luck and constantly finds himself in bleak situations.

the ultimate aim of every charity is to close itself down due to it no longer being needed.

i had no involvement in your life at all until you read this sentence 

is a subpar golfer good or bad? 

there is nothing more childish than the desire to grow up 

when the book for a class is written by a professor, it feels like they're trying to give me their mixtape.

free wifi would probably be more helpful at a sperm bank than a magazine. 

a poodle is literally a wolf in sheep's clothing. 

everyone who said, "long live the queen" didn't think it would actually work this well.

the us is the world's 'florida man'. 

the reason why cartoons took place so early on the weekends was to keep kids on a school schedule

people in the year 9999 might claim that the gregorian calendar ends there and that italians predicted that the universe would then end.

batman still lives at home in his parents basement 

if a movie bombs at the box office they should release all the footage to see if someone could edit together a better movie.

every time you pull someone out of a car to steal it in videogames, that person wasn't wearing a seatbelt.

there are 492 billionaires in the world. not one of those losers has become batman

hindus revere cows as being sacred. the rest of the world kills and eats cows on an enormous scale. no holy war waged, props to them...

it's weird that nipples are the most "obscene" part of the boob when that's the part everyone has, while the part unique to women, the round squishy part,

when someone says they've lost 2 or 3 pounds in a short amount of time, i picture them taking a giant dump and then stepping on the scale in victory.

babies cry over little things, because everything bad that happens to them, is literally the worst thing that's ever happened.

"you aren't" and "you're not" mean the same thing and use the same words but have different contractions.

so, if there was a mexican guy with the last name rita, we would call him señor rita

being an adult is basically a "choose your own adventure" book, but every choice sounds terrible

behind every girls selfie is approximately 48 nearly identical photos that just didn’t cut it.

the wheel that squeaks the loudest gets the grease, but the wheel that squeaks consistently gets replaced.

every post on reddit is nsfw because i'm not supposed to use reddit at my work 

children are constantly warned not to take candy from strangers except for one day of the year when they are encouraged to take candy from as many strangers

it would be ironic if snake oil was found to be the cure for cancer. 

anne frank and martin luther king jr. were both born in the same year, yet we associate them as being in completely different periods in history

those who are applying to optometry school for the upcoming year will be the class of "2020"

reddit has taught me that my thoughts are unoriginal and i'm not nearly as funny as i think i am.

if we're going to have private prisons, then the prison companies should be payed based on how well the prisoners do once they're let out.

surely if tomatoes are fruits, then that makes ketchup a jam 

beavis and butt-head are known for being 2 of the biggest imbeciles in society, but in reality they're 2 orphaned teenaged boys trying to finish high

my reddit account is like my social life, neither of them are popular 

if moments of your life really do flash before your eyes when you die, i hope mine are all my embarrassing moments so i'll be happy i'm dead.

if others hear your flatulence, it was so powerful that it caused bones in their heads to vibrate.

someone super famous should do an ama but not say who they are, see if reddit can figure it out.

i'm still waiting to see the people saying that we shouldn't help the refugees and instead help the homeless veterans to actually start helping the homeless

belt loops are like belts for your belt. 

cake is just gay bread. 

i wonder how many of the 2 billion views of gangnam style on youtube are from people wondering how many views the video has.

stop, drop, and roll was always such a big deal as a kid... i really thought i'd be on fire more than this as an adult.

every time i read the acronym rofl, i can't help but imagine scooby doo trying to say waffle.

seven has the word 'even' in it. which is odd. 

there are over 7 billion people in the world and right now, not one of them can see me.

no disrespect to flo, but aren't all guns name your own price tools? 

"mac" is an acronym for "mac and cheese" 

horror movies should include a blooper section to help people relax before bed 

i wonder if george r.r. martin gets invited to any weddings these days? 

my mom can talk to strangers on the street with perfect ease but is suspicious of strangers on the internet. i am disturbed by the idea of talking to

when you lose weight, you're less content and more content. 

someone should release a study saying the use of cell phones definitively causes cancer. apple and samsung would probably find the cure for cancer in no

if a linkin park song plays in the forest and there's no one around to hear it, in the end, does it even matter?

seven and eleven both have the word even in their names. yet they are odd numbers.

i hope steve harvey doesn't announce the powerball numbers. 

i'm not sure if it's a false memory, but i remember climbing across monkey bars without feeling like my arms were being torn from their sockets.

i wish netflix and hulu would tell you how many people at that moment are watching the exact same thing as you.

the moral of the tortoise and the hare shouldn't be "slow and steady wins the race." the tortoise only won because the hare kept getting distracted. the

say “no” to drugs? it really doesn’t matter what you tell drugs because if you’re talking to drugs, you’re taking them...

i wonder if in another 50 years someone will make a romantic drama about a couple falling in love on 9/11, similar to titanic

if oscar the grouch had a hippie brother he'd live in the recycling bin. 

someone who refuses a request to join the mile high club doesn't give a flying fuck.

a brain transplant would actually be a full body transplant. 

in a decade or two google maps could have a "time travel" option where you can see street views from the past.

saving porn to a usb stick makes it a sex drive. 

it's funny that ea is making us pay so much on dlc, because their (sports) slogan is "it's in the game"

my hope is that deadpool completely breaks the fourth wall, grabs a boom mike, and starts beating the hell out of somebody with it.

"millennials" is the new way of saying "kids these days" 

neckbeard would be a good name for a famous online software pirate 

red bull and kfc should do a combo deal where if you buy a case of red bull, you get chicken wings for free.

holding the power button to shut down your computer feels like you’re choking someone to death.

the last four letters in the word 'queue' are not silent; they're just waiting their turn

i hit snooze to find out how my dream ends, even though i was the one making it up

otters have no fucking idea space even exists. 

senior citizen discounts should just round dollar amounts down so we don't have to wait in line behind them while they dig for change.

we've named our entire galaxy after the secretions of a cow's udders. 

we were all one masturbation away from not existing... 

a meatball is just a baby meatloaf. 

it's called the 'pilot' episode because they want to see if it takes off. 

if you think about it, a plastic sword is a sword forged by the rotten flesh of ancient beasts

we milk a cow, and let the milk age to make cheese. then we use the cheese to make our cow taste better.

you could've possibly avoided future spankings as a child by saying "spank me harder, daddy" after the first one.

the phrase "i never said she licked my asshole" has 7 different meanings depending on which word you stress

the best liar you know, probably isn't the best liar you know. 

lawyers sue and tailors sew but both end up with suits. 

if i was a teenager i would buy a burka off the internet keep it in the trunk of my car and steal my mother's drivers license. whenever i want to buy beer

the oldest person on earth has been alive for every birthday of every person in the world

what if the star wars movies came out 4,5,6,1,2,3 as a yoda joke? 

i should theoretically be able to tell my girlfriend, an identical twin, that her sister is bangin'.

mountain dew sounds more like a brand of water than a brand of soda 

many of the people who say they would survive in a horror movie would not survive. think of all the times you've heard creaks while home alone and kept

16-year-old me would be totally disappointed by what kind of an adult i am now 

i have twice as many ancestors as my dad 

pregnancy is a sexually transmitted disease, caused by an agressive single-celled microorganism, feeding upon the host and causing rapid

in the span of my lifetime, 5 dollars has gone from being worth 5 roast beef sandwiches to not even a single subway sandwich.

people who don't put their dumbbells back on the rack are choosing not to lift weights at the only time it is expected of them.

21 "you're still a kid" 22 "you're still a kid" 23 "you're still a kid" 24 "you're still a kid" 25 "wait, you're not married yet?"

if there was an equivalent to reddit gold where you would pay $5 to ban someone from a subreddit for a month, it would sell way better than reddit

mario kart should have been named mario speedwagon. 

a dentist kills a lion and people lose their heads. we've collectively destroyed half of the planet's wildlife in the past 40 years and nobody bats

because of the internet, ahmed mohamed actually blew up. 

some people think that calling a bf 'daddy' is disgusting but calling them 'baby' is ok

most eli5 posts could be turned into til posts if people did a little research first.

if 10,000 hours makes you a master shouldn't i be able to sleep well every night by now?

i would never pay for reddit gold, but i'd definitely pay a couple bucks to anti-gild someone to show how much i hate their comment.

if bad luck was real, we would have weaponized it long ago. releasing black cats into enemy camps. dangling massive ladders under planes and flying over

the kids in the movie jumanji didn't know how to play jumanji. instead of rolling the dice and taking turns as fast as possible they sat around waiting

isn't the freshness date on the milk carton really a spoiler alert? 

does a columbus day sale mean that i can just come in your store, kill your employees, take all your shit, and then claim the place as my own?

the first human to watch the sun set probably thought to himself "this is not good."

binge watching a tv show for 8 hours is more socially acceptable then playing a videogame for 2 hours.

evolution-wise, going out in space might be similar to getting out of the ocean.

to clean something you must get another thing dirty. 

our blood type should be printed on our drivers license 

if i fuel my car with ethanol, the answer to "is there any alcohol in your vehicle?" would always be yes

looking back, not buying a high school class ring was a really good financial move.

the internet uses many terms relating to water. i can surf the web, stream a video, or wait until my computer freezes.

shoes are portable floors. 

a troll dropping f-bombs in a flame war is not as exciting as those terms make it sound.

there should be a charity that works with hospitals and netflix to give patients a temporary netflix subscription while hospitalized

philosophy is like masturbation. it feels great while you're doing it but, it gets you nowhere, and when you're done there's a bigger mess than when you

i'll only rate your app after you've annoyed me enough about it and i need a place to blow off the steam about how annoying your app reminders are.

the man claiming he'll bring jobs back is best known for firing people 

your lips don't touch when you say "touch" but touch when you say "separate". 

sometimes i wish i was a pet fish, only to experience that moment when it suddenly starts raining food.

along with "reddit gold" there should be "reddit bullshit" that you can award when you really think someone is lying

if sex is called intercourse, shouldn't masturbation be called intracourse? 

i'm at least two times more likely to view a post that has a nsfw tag. 

i haven't written the cent symbol (¢) since second grade math class. 

fewer people have stood in my shower than have been in space. 

if my dog has a pill that keeps mosquitos, ticks and fleas away from her for a month, why don't humans have the same?

i wish i could meet everyone born at the exact same time as i was and compare each of our lives up to this point.

slow wifi pisses me off more than not having wifi at all 

the definitions of "man" and "human" should be swapped, so that "man" means all of us, and then the sub types of man are wo-man and hu-man.

telling women to cover themselves to avoid rape is like telling people to build a simple-poor looking house to not get robbed.

dragons would think its cool that we create water in our mouths. 

instagram would be a good name for a weed vending machine. 

because telescopes work using mirrors, we will never know if space is full of space vampires.

at some point in the future, some parents are going to walk in on their kid masturbating while immersed in vr, and he's just going to keep going.

chocolate lava cake is still only chocolate magma cake until you start eating it.

i can tell how productive i was, at work, by how much battery my cell phone has left when i leave.

if you put the word anal in front of most ford vehicle names, it's hilarious. 

maybe i've always felt pain 100 times worse than everyone else, i'm just unknowingly the world's toughest badass.

my 6yo, already a hardcore gamer, has learned to associate the word "boss" with something blatantly evil, incredibly powerful and something you must

the song "happy birthday" doesn't have any verbs. 

religion is like the world's longest game of "telephone' 

the best way to ruin a moment is to try and capture it 

chinese tourists travel abroad and buy souvenirs made in china. 

keyboards should have a removable crumb tray like toasters so you can get all that gunk out.

with the amount of "stop, drop, and roll" education i received growing up, i kinda thought catching on fire would be a more common problem as an adult.

"slut" is an anagram of "lust" 

i'd pay a lot of money to see a "narration battle" between morgan freeman, mike rowe, james earl jones, and sam elliott

in less than 72 hours, niantic has turned all of our sophisticated smartphones back into gameboy colors.

benjamin button was born a baby sized old man, so it doesn't make sense he died as a regular baby. he should have been an old man sized baby.

there should be an american idol for new tv shows, where we get to vote for the shows we want to see developed based off of pilot episodes.

the leaning tower of pisa in italy is italicised 

instead of being a reporter shouldn't superman have been a doctor as clark kent? then he could secretly use his x-ray vision to find tumors and cancers

we have two minutes to live but breathing resets the clock. 

fedex should hire dmx for a series of commercials. he could sing x-gon' give it to ya while he's delivering packages door to door.

if god orchestrated evolution, then he went through a phase playing with dinosaurs

i go on facebook to see stupid comments from people i know and i go on reddit to see smart comments from strangers.

some day soon in the future when we have free wifi everywhere, there are going to be hipster cafés offering wifi free zones.

the people that design bills/coins (dollar, euros etc.) are paid with their own work.

police officers should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they chase people on foot.

we really gave bruce almighty a pass when he yanked the moon closer to the earth and inadvertently killed of millions of people with tidal floods.

please don't create a twitter account that tweets these posts, we don't want this sub to get flooded with teenagers.

people who are just now discovering reddit must be really confused 

if you lived at 123 fake st, no one would ever believe you. 

"literally" has become the new "totally" among the new generations 

netflix should have an "i'm feeling lucky" button that shows a random movie/tv show

ginger was the only true spice girl 

sir ian mckellen is literally a gay lord. 

whenever someone says their zodiac sign is enough to describe them on its own, it is. but probably not for the reason they think.

the world needs a "bullshit blocker" app that automatically removes facebook posts already debunked by snopes.

millions of people have searched for "pitbull" and then "pitbull dog". 

getting out a piece of paper while doing calculations is basically getting your brain extra ram

"fuck the police" would be the perfect name for a cop dating site 

timmy turner turned 23 yesterday. that means he's old enough to have kids who have fairy godparents.

if netflix really wants people to stop sharing accounts and pay individually, they should just start offering porn

there should be bloopers at the end of horror films to relax the viewer before sleeping.

somewhere in the world, there is a specific location where i'm going to die... i wonder how many times i've been there..

there should be a dating site called ebae 

a reality show in which ceos have to live off their lowest paid employee's salary for a month.

reddit contains things i care about from people i don't care about. facebook contains things i don't care about from people i care about.

companies should hire viners to make 6 second long ads on youtube. 

everything on earth is either a banana or not a banana. 

if you pay for something entirely with pocket change, it kinda feels like it was free.

universities should be free upfront and take 10

first 10 years of your career. so they would be motivated to teach you useful stuff.

now that i'm a parent i realize that my parents always wanted me to go to bed early because they wanted to go to bed early...

i wonder if dogs bark inside their heads, like we speak inside ours.. 

butt dial and booty call are so similar, but so different 

another name for cocktail sauce is dickbutt sauce 

next time someone invents something important, name it something that rhymes with orange and put poets out of their misery.

i'm friends on facebook with someone i share a full name with. when he posts a status that none of his friends like, i should like it so all his facebook

it's stupid to say you were "born in the wrong generation of music." music from the past is more accessible now than it was during the time period.

it's probably good harambe was shot - "dicks out for dead kids" really wouldn't get the same sort of support.

you could create a company called "the leading brand" to screw with commercials.

if you yell out "god is great!" at an airport, the outcome can be very different depending on what language you use.

if there ever was a nuclear war, i'd want the results to be less fallout 4 and more adventure time

"ctrl+z" would be a good brand name for morning after pills. 

from the viewpoint of the simpsons characters, itchy and scratchy has hyperrealistic animation.

today i looked down and could see my chest actually move a little bit from my heartbeat. being alive is pretty interesting when you stop to actually look at

if i can't have peanuts on an airplane, then you should have to vaccinate your stupid fucking kids.

guns are basically just an advanced way for people to throw rocks at each other.

remember 100 years ago when owning a horse was commonplace but owning a car was a luxury? now it's reversed.

i should start a magazine called alzheimer's weekly where the same magazine is published every week.

at one point in out lives we became self aware, but we were too young to understand the gravity of that event.

in 2015, not only will we have pi day, the year at the end will make the date say "3-14-15". plus, there will be one fleeting moment at 9:26 where the

i should start a band that does country versions of u2 songs and call it y'all2.

mitt romney is like the villain in season 1 that was defeated by the main hero and is now returned in season 2 as the antihero on the good guy's team to help

a receipt is like an obituary for my money 

in reality, most "90's kids" are actually nostalgic for the early 2000's. 

i think of public toilets as dirty but really they get cleaned far more frequently than my toilet at home.

salt is just a rock that we find tasty. 

if you get straight to the point, you are described as blunt. 

nsfl shouldn't be just a hyperbolic version of nsfw. it should go like this: nsfw for sexy stuff, nsfl for death and/or gore-related content. every time i

everyone tells teenagers that they don't know what love is. but everyone wants to feel like a teenager when they fall in love.

my mom is literally a bodybuilder. 

what if condoms had temporary tattoos on the inside so like when you rolled off the condom there was a picture of a dinosaur on your dick

salty has replaced bitter as the flavor of being upset. 

if a toy from toy story died, the kids wouldn't know, and the other toys would have to watch the kids play with their corpses.

you'll know your english is really good when people you meet stop saying that your english is really good.

my lips don't touch when i say, "touch" but they do when i say, "separate" 

the flowers in my vase are just plants on life support. 

if the 9/11 attacks had instead occurred on april 20th, nobody would ever say "4/20 blaze it"

is gay marriage legal during the purge? 

shaving your head is the "you can't fire me because i quit" approach to male pattern baldness.

are the people who don't signal on the road also the kind of the people who have communication issues in their own lives?

i literally cannot come up with a better business partnership than putting mcdonalds in walmart

mars would have a totally new set of world records. 

people who have celiac disease must be super grateful for all the hipsters that only pretend to be gluten free, because their food options have expanded

when you turn 30, you'll have lived about a full month of your life as your birthday.

telling a girl to calm down is like baptizing a cat 

i have a weird grudge against stingrays ever since one killed steve irwin. 

killing one bird with one stone seems hard enough 

coffins are just fancy trash cans for people 

the best sign of a healthy relationship is no sign of it on facebook. 

if i could swap the urge to masturbate and the urge to work out i could be competing in world's strongest man by next tuesday

every time the bayer family took aspirin, they got a taste of their own medicine.

never is a shortened version of "not ever"... i feel like i am supposed to have known this...

youtube should add a feature whereby a bar shows the viewer the average time previous viewers made it through the video

i wonder if my cat thinks my plant did something wrong when i mist it with a spray bottle

we call people assholes,dicks and pussies but nobody call each other nipples 

the game "kiss, kill, or marry" could also conceivably be called "fork, knife, or spoon"

i think the first person to have a mohawk hairstyle was just trying to even up his sideburns and got carried away

the older i get, the more i think a mostly boring life (i.e., drama-free, routine, calm) life is very much underrated.

if we ever travel thousands of light years to a planet inhabited by intelligent life, let’s just make patterns in their crops and leave..

this is the only subreddit where it pretty much requires that you were naked when thinking of a post, but the post has nothing to do with you being naked.

if you're an interracial couple that's into s&amp;m, i bet it's really hard to avoid painful historical allegories.

what if the perfect crime actually has been committed, and no one ever heard about it because it was perfect.

the news starts with someone saying "good evening", and then giving reasons as to why it's not.

if digg had used reddit's "gold" system, users could have been gold diggers. 

out of all the graffiti i've seen in my life i've never actually seen someone doing it.

in the 24 hour clock, 24 hours is never displayed. 

the miis on your wii have been standing in a completely empty room for years now.

air force training should be called air conditioning. 

if dicks shrunk for lying (instead of noses growing), then the world would be a lot more honest

the steam summer sale, is like the opposite of piracy. instead of playing games you'll probably never pay for, you pay for games you'll probably never

nothing compares to the anxiety you have when your mom leaves you in the cashier line at the grocery store to go get more food and doesn't come back in

we live in a society so selfish that people get offended for other people so they get attention

does anybody else randomly zones out while reading, coming up realizing you don’t know what happened in the last two paragraphs?

baby-boomers have become the people that they protested against in the 60s 

u2 were able to get on to everyone's iphones, but the fbi cannot. 

why do the teenage mutant ninja turtles wear masks? are they afraid that someone will discover their actual identities... giant muscular bipedal

it's always sunny in philadelphia should do a crossover episode with bar rescue

having "active shooter" drills in schools is teaching your shooters where you'll be hiding.

humans can literally look at invented squiggles on a screen, hear the sound each squiggle represents, combine those sounds in their heads to form a story,

because of time zone differences, new year's eve day is like people doing "the wave" on a global scale.

is it "milk them for all they're worth" or "milk them for all their worth?" 

i can tell that i just googled a stupid question when yahoo answers is one of the top hits.

if you're ugly, fat and not a talkative person, people will think you're odd. if you're good looking, fit and not a talkative person, people will find

ever consider how weird emojis are? as a civilization, we've spent thousands of years refining the craft of the written word, then one day someone's like:

the number of people who are older than you will never increase, but is constantly decreasing.

i wonder how many times i walked past or made small talk with someone who was on their way to murder someone.

saying "i think outside the box" is using a tired, worn-out cliche to claim you are an original thinker.

the cheez-it wheel is a genius. by acting immature he will never be ground up and turned into cheese snacks.

"queue" is just "q" followed by 4 silent letters. 

sniffing every tree and lamppost on our morning walk is my dogs equivalent of me checking social media after i wake up.

if an angel were to come speak to me, i'd be more convinced i had schizophrenia than that god existed.

someone should start a knockoff electric car company called "edison" where they rebrand and resell teslas

i would be significantly more productive if experience points popped up every time i completed a task/activity

if i were to kill someone that i really hated i would cremate them and plant their ashes with a tree. then several years later i'll burn down the tree and

rednecks wear mullets so they don't get their necks red 

i've lived my entire life only 10 miles from outer space but i've never been there.

kids are going to start assuming that the phrase "twiddling your thumbs" means messing around on your phone.

if they ever make star wars prequels that turn out to be terrible, i'm just going to forget that they ever happened.

if a redditor created their account on february 29th, does the cake day icon only appear every 4 years?

dumbledore should really do background checks before hiring new professors. 

i've seen far more people be offended by 'happy holidays' than 'merry christmas.'

it's kinda nuts that a 5 billion year old thermonuclear reaction 30 million km away can burn you while you mow the lawn.

life is free to play, and it's also pay to win. 

the reason patrick star is oblivious to everything is because he literally lives under a rock

every time you paint a room, it becomes smaller. every time you paint an object, it becomes larger.

none of your direct ancestors died a virgin. 

i'm just glad that milk doesn't have any pulp. 

your ass is your leg's shoulder 

there should be a technology subreddit called explainitlikeimseventy 

i've never once been offered free drugs by a stranger, even though i was told this would be a common threat.

pulled hamstrings sound delicious if you don't know what they are. 

if oj simpson never knifed his wife, rob kardashian and his demon spawn would be completely irrelevant.

i don't need to check reddit every day - if i miss a popular post, i'll see it again in a few months.

you can't actually bite down. you can only bite up. 

every time a celebrity dies, there's somebody racing to wikipedia to edit "is" to "was" on their page.

if we invent time travel, we could theoretically use it to preserve food. your refrigerator would suspend food in time instead of keeping it cool.

/r/showerthoughts is great because it doesn't require me to click on anything 

when a watch battery dies, it records the time of its own death. 

psy's "gangam style" has been watched on youtube 2,281,389,041 times. this is the equivalent of 18,000+ years lost from the collective human species because

when i open the fridge, i am not checking if there's food: i'm checking if i'm desperate enough to actually prepare the plentiful food i have.

people who abstain until marriage because of the bible are cockblocked by some dudes from 3000 years ago

as a kid, i thought "stop, drop and roll" was going to be a much more important part of my adult life than it turned out to be.

"i wish my net worth goes down by $0.01" is the only guaranteed wish from a fountain.

life has gotten way easier for horses in the last century 

if you're ever in a burning building, take the elevator. the fire will not be expecting that.

kids do without thinking, adults think wothout doing. 

people who don't use their blinkers must be horrible in relationships because they can't even communicate a simple thought with a light.

if i were a dentist, i would probably not recommend the best toothpaste 

google is better at searching reddit than reddit's own search engine 

dating in your mid 20's: finding a girl with no kids is as hard as finding a guy that doesn't live with his parents.

the vast majority of toilet paper is either used to wipe the part of your body that smells or the part of your body that smells.

do crabs think we walk sideways? 

in the lion king, simba sings, "i just can't wait to be king" with surprising enthusiasm, considering the primary mechanism by which princes become kings.

as a teenager, you look for every excuse to drive. as an adult, you look for every excuse not to drive.

you're not completely useless, you can be used as a bad example. 

a bathtub is the opposite of a boat. 

why didn't jennifer aniston's nipples ever win an emmy award for their role in the tv show "friends" ? they were in nearly every episode and always gave a

victoria should do an ama explaining why she was let go 

if i say a word that isn't in the dictionary and another person understands what i mean, but tells me that is not a word, they are holding back the

when you lay awake at night, your brain is that one guy at the sleepover that all the other organs wish would shut up and go to sleep.

how i met your mother is the longest ted talk. 

your anus can release material all three states of matter. solid, liquid, gas. 

halloween is the worst day to severely cut your face or hurt yourself. 

if you show up to the office with a new suit and suitcase, you look like a professional. if you show up to a construction site in new clothes and tools,

if a rabbit was a pokemon, it's evolution would be a kangaroo. 

buck and doe are both terms for deer. buck and dough are both terms for cash. 

drier sheets are the bay leaves of laundry 

i should invent a new beer and call it 'responsibly' so that you could drink as much of it as you want and you would still be drinking responsibly. and the

if i had a dollar for every time i had no idea what was going on, i'd be asking people why they were giving me dollars.

google has been doing the largest ama in history. 

it is 2016 and i can now send messages on the iphone with balloons, gifs, "invisible ink", etc, but i can't bold, italicize, or underline a word.

urban dictionary will someday be a valuable resource to anthropologists studying the 21st century

"united states of america" is an anagram for "i use fears to dictate man." 

schrödinger's redditor: a redditor who is both a male and a female, until the moment they reveal their gender to you.

our sun is part of a constellation that we are unaware exists 

women in porn love cumshots because it means their shift is over... 

i wonder if jeremy irons ever quietly laughs to himself when he is ironing 

if bruce willis dies from viagra overdose, the headline will read "bruce willis dies hard."

on internet people don't want to hear your opinion. they just want to hear you saying their opinion.

your outdoor cat might have another owner 

most of my friends with detailed plans on how they’d survive a zombie apocalypse lose their shit when a small insect enters the room.

it sucks when i read read as read and not read, so i have to re-read read as read so i can read read correctly and it can make sense...

if you enjoy having sex with transient homeless people, you're a hobosexual. 

the closest i have come to murder is holding my cookie in my milk until the bubbles stop

dishwasher racks are perfectly designed to hold certain sized dishes and cups i've never owned in my lifetime.

the best/worst part of dreaming is that first fifteen seconds after waking up, when you frantically worry "what am i going to do with all those giraffes and

learning "eye of the tiger" on guitar is the only time you'll have montage music while you're learning something.

the part of a man's body where the inner thighs meet the crotch should be called "cockpits"

everyone gets three random wishes granted in his or her lifetime, but almost all of them are wasted on things like "i wish this light would turn green,

when uneducated muslims in the middle east see pictures of kkk members, do they think it's a group of women?

when i was younger taking selfies meant you were a loser who didn't have any friends to hold the camera for you.

it would be cool if google could identify nature sounds the same way it does with songs and shows (like shazam). that way we could know which animal or

i'm constantly torn between not wanting to die alone and generally wanting to be left alone.

"crunchyroll" (the anime streaming service) should come out with a hentai service called "spicyroll".

the board game life should have a third route to take at the beginning called "thug life" but it's not up the the player if they go or not.

google street view should have a "time travel" feature so that future generations can see what places looked like in the past.

laugher is the best medicine, but if you're laughing for no apparent reason, you need medicine.

nature valley bars make so many crumbs because they want you to eat them outside.

if i live to be 113 i will have been a teenager twice. 

microsoft would be a horrible name for a brand of condoms. 

i like to imagine that satan has this adorable goat pen out back where he lovingly tends to all the goats that have been sacrificed to him.

there should be an app that claims to detect pregnancies, just to see how many girls piss on their phones

halloween is a great day to be a burglar. you can dress in all black, wear a mask, and carry your loot around in a sack with a dollar sign on it.

if i used the term "walmart sized people", you'd know exactly who i was talking about.

as a guy i sometimes wish someone would ask me "does the carpet match the drapes?" so i can tell them there is no carpet only hard wood.

the only reason celebrities always tell people to "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage of people for whom that actually

i wonder if the rate of crime drops drastically when it rains 

i just realized i prefer reddit to facebook. this means i'm more interested in what strangers have to say, rather than my friends.

they *should* make another "taken" movie, about liam neeson's character being under-appreciated for trying to keep his family safe. "taken 4: granted"

oil is created from the remains of death. we've pumped death out of the ground, powered our society by it, and with the subsequent climate change,

if you treat sick animals, you may be considered a veterinarian. if you fought for germany in wwii, you may be considered a veteran aryan.

if you replace the "w"in where, what and when with a "t" you answer the question.

what if morpheus was a drug dealer, the pill was a psychedelic, and the whole movie was just neo tripping the fuck out

uber should have a service called muber, which has drivers with big cars who are willing to help you carry stuff and move.

if a bartender can refuse to serve alcohol to someone who is intoxicated, for reasons of not being an accessory to furthering their inebriation to dangerous

i don't mind advertisements at the beginning of porn videos, as it provides me with a final opportunity for emergency volume adjustment.

i'm so used to reddit that when i visit facebook i get pissed when i can't down vote a comment.

what if every time you choke on air it's actually a ghost penis? 

because of incessant advertising, most american 10 year olds have heard of erectile dysfunction.

if you care for a chicken, you are literally a chicken tender 

if i was a writer or producer for a tv show, i would end every season/break with a cliffhanger, and go spend a couple days on reddit. cause reddit really

mr. crocker from fairly odd parents never gives a lesson, just constant pop quizzes on stuff he never taught.

ideally my car will never touch another car. if cars were living beings they would be super lonely.

if dwayne johnson has a son he should call him "the pebble" 

i bet pokémon go will eventually turn into an advertising platform, selling "ads" to local businesses by placing rare pokémon at their location

having an iq of just above average is the worst. you're smart enough to notice how stupid others are but not smart enough to make a big difference.

the best part about being an adult is eating two popsicles for breakfast. the worst part about being an adult is knowing why you shouldn't do that.

at one point i was the youngest being in the entire universe and at another point will be the next being to die.

my kids will insult me by saying i'm older than youtube 

there should be a dating site that uses drivers licence photos, so dates will begin with low expectations

in most episodes of scooby doo, the bad guy hasn't actually comitted any crime, he's just scared people away from x place so he can dig for treasure.

homosexuality is older than the bible,the guy writing it had to know about such a thing before complaining about it.

nbc keeps interrupting my commercial coverage with random snippets of some olympic ceremony.

whoever discovered popcorn must have freaked the fuck out. 

if 9/11 happened two months early, 7-eleven might have had to change their name

if i were a famous celebrity, i'd only sign autographs as a trade. it'd be pretty cool to have a collection of thousands of fans' autographs.

because of one-child policy, uncles and aunts will soon be a rare thing in china.

if you're ever feeling bad about yourself, just remember that someone somewhere is paying $9.99 a month for tinder plus.

no one has successfully murdered me. 

if you're deaf, every fart is a gamble. 

every time i hear a car alarm go off, i think "someone accidentally pushed the alarm button" instead of "someone's car is getting broken into"

the worst way to break up with a harry potter fan would be to give them a sock.

we're 244 popes away from pope dmx 

humans have made themselves so comfortable that they build scary rides so they can remember what it's like to shit themselves with fear.

if a gif is open in another tab, and there is no one there to watch it, does it move?

as a kid, mail addressed to me usually meant i was getting money. as an adult, it usually means i owe someone money.

a life-long gay guy, if born by c-section, will never touch a vagina. 

in less than 24 hours, literally 99

shit about iowa. their population is .97



condoms should come packed with a wet-nap. 

whenever a kid has sadly died, the news reports they were bright and popular. unlikeable stupid kids are immortal.

whenever reddit goes down, my first thought is to go to reddit to find out why.

you're the bad guy in somebody's story. 

kfc should sponsor a soccer team called kentucky fc. 

telling someone: "why are you depressed, look at how great your life is." is the same as saying, "what do you mean you have asthma, look at all this air."

in my head shrek is the lead singer of smashmouth.. 

the number of people born the same year as you is always decreasing. 

"pay-it-forward" chains at drive-thrus/coffeeshops are weird because the only person getting something for free is the asshole who ends the chain

if south park did an episode about reddit, nobody would understand the episode but reddit.

when people post a picture of a sunset at the beach and say, "it's the little things in life" i just realized that the sun the sky and the ocean are the

finn was the first stormtrooper to find the droid he was looking for 

it's ironic that i have to learn how mitosis and meiosis work although every single cell in my body knows it already.

facebook needs a verified untrue button. when enough people click it, the viral photo or story with completely false information vanishes.

yolo is a better argument for playing it safe than it is for taking unecessary risks.

mars is currently ruled by a robot. 

it must be super weird for babies to fall asleep in one place and then wake up 4 hours later in a completely different place with different clothes on.

kanye west is the person on earth with a personality and lifestyle most similar to derrick zoolander

a video-game studio is probably the only workplace where it's appropriate to talk regularly about killing a boss.

i'm uncomfortable carrying $200 in cash, but i leave my $800 phone in places all willy nilly.

the word fat just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word eat

anytime my gf says "omg i love this movie!", i know i'm about to watch a terrible movie.

when all the snow melts in nyc, they're gonna find all the bodies of the people they thought weren't getting murdered.

professional soccer isn't mainstream in the us is because the continuous clock doesn't allow for much commercial time, effectively preventing advertising by

dogs must think no humans love them because no one will lick them back. 

an ad i can't mute, skip or minimize will not make me want a product more. it will make me resent the product and its maker more.

my 13 year old self would be appalled and disgusted by how often i'm not in the mood to have sex with the beautiful woman who shares my bed every night.

i talk to my dog and she talks to me, yet we will go our entire lives literally not knowing a single word that was said.

i wonder if there has ever been a moment since i have been alive where there wasn't a cock in someones mouth

america's funniest home videos was our parents' youtube. 

rappers who brag about how much money they earn in their songs, will eventually sound really silly because of the effect of inflation.

why do i continually make the mistake of expecting intelligent conversations on sites where i might very well be talking to 13-year-olds?

we encourage ugly people to love themselves but hate pretty people who do 

door-to-door salesmen were the original pop-up ad. 

people who say they "believe" in science are missing the whole point of science

if usain bolt decided to go streaking at a major event, who would be able to stop him?

the jetsons is to the flintstones what futurama is to the simpsons. 

marvel and nickelodeon need to work together to make a live action mermaid man and barnacle boy movie.

saying "he died doing what he loved" is possibly the worst way to console a parent whose son has died of a drug overdose.

comedy central should have a 2nd channel showing stand-up comedians 24/7. 

bmw drivers have a bad reputation, but i get cut off by a chevy pickup with a marine corps decal on the back at least once a day.

i've never actually heard the queen speak. 

thanks to baseball, i'm allowed to fuck up twice before i actually get in trouble.

if a broken clock is correct twice a day, and almost all clocks are somewhat ahead or behind the correct time, broken clocks have the correct time more

why is there no adult easter egg hunt!? a hunt where inside the plastic eggs are drink tickets for a beer garden. and brunch would be served. it would be

the sales person at a mall kiosk is the human equivalent of an internet pop-up ad.

there are tons of skeletons in the ground wearing tuxedoes 

when we animate dogs, we give them facial features that make it easier for us to understand their emotions. i wonder how a dog would animate a human so that

wallets are just pockets that we put in our pockets. 

for all we know, jesus did come back, but he's just sitting in a mental institution and nobody believes him.

the phrase "it's all downhill from here" can mean both "it's easy the rest of the way" or "it's all going to get worse."

the plural of cent is cents. the plural of sense is senses. the plural of census is censuses.

the roast of justin bieber should've been called the biebercue. 

if may the 4th is star wars day, july the 7th should be james bond day. 07/07 = double 07.

why doesn't apple create a simple to use laptop, for old people, called the granny smith..

if there's ever a world class chinese goalkeeper, he'll be called the great wall.

procrastinators are able to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in the 30 minutes before it’s due

having a bloody nose in england must be a tough situation to explain to another person.

i'm 34 years old and i'm still not sure whether you're supposed to pee directly into the water or against the back of the toilet.

kim kardashian was recently robbed of 9$ million. the robbers worked harder for that money than she ever did.

if giraffes didn't exist, they would be way less plausible than unicorns. 

hey arnold's mom isn't on the show because she probably died giving birth to him and his huge skull.

peter quill, star lord, and owen grady, raptor trainer, both sound like characters andy dwyer would create for himself

reddit is kind of like high school, there are all these cliques and jokes that i don't understand and i'm still not popular.

pilots sound the way doctors write 

google should have a "trailblazer notice" that tells you "hey! guess what!" if the thing you searched has never been searched before.

if fat cells are just a body's way of storing energy to use later... i'm not fat, i'm full of potential.

the bible has the biggest book club in the world who haven't read the book. 

i'm going to be the last person to die in my lifetime. 

/r/fightclub must be the most inactive sub ever 

my school gives out free condoms, but charges for printing. they value my sex life more than my academics

it's socially acceptable to have friends join you for the beginning of the digestive process but not the end

you are younger now than you are now. 

as a college senior, i can't wait until my net worth is finally $0 

i wish i could drown the people that constantly masturbate in me... 

your life is basically an interview for people to attend your funeral. 

franz ferdinand's (band) last concert ever should be in sarajevo 

if nothing can ever be created or destroyed you are actually as old as the entire universe.

every time i'm sick or something hurts i think about how i wish i was fine and how ungrateful i was when it didn't hurt. let's take a moment and be aware of

comedy central should do an "every south park ever" marathon and call it, "the simpsons did it" marathon.

what if westboro baptist church was actually secretly a group of super tolerant activists who staged outrageous protests to draw public attention to

if children's beauty pageants didn't already exist, and you tried to start one, you'd probably go to jail

on april fools day tinder should reverse the swipe orientation. 

you know shits about to go down when the name of your next mission is the title of the game

i'd rather drive 30 minutes out of my way than wait in traffic for 15. 

i am currently controlling miniscule lights on your display 

top 40 radio sucks because the same 6 artists sing 100 songs; christmas music sucks because 100 artists sing the same 6 songs.

humans spend 33.3



dreaming. that means that 16.6

happened. 

neil armstrong was the first person to land on the moon. "neil a." backwards is "alien"

adults tell kids scary stories around a campfire so they'll be too scared to wander away from the campsite alone.

we throw around the word "terrorist" like we used to throw around the word "communist".

the space to your right is also to your left, just 24,900 miles further 

the opening letters of pimple and dimple are inverted, just like the things themselves.

google should send you an alert every time someone searches your home address on maps.

when people say "jesus take the wheel" they are giving control to an uninsured and unlicensed driver who has never been in a car before.

i use the app "reddit is fun" so much i can barely navigate reddit on my computer

i wish there was reddit anti-gold. i'd love to pay 3.99 to stop someone from posting for a month.

if we don't allow steroids in athletic competitions, why do we allow makeup in beauty competitions?

dinosaurs never seem to have sexual organs in books and museums. this is clearly why they went extinct.

explain as a 5 year old would be way more entertaing than eli5 

when you're over at a couple's place, there's almost a 100

sex on the couch they expect you to sit on. 

someday "brad" will be a name for old people. 

mike judge should make a beavis and butt-head youtube series where they're watching and making fun of youtube videos

there should be an app that, if you a cross a state or national border, tells you what laws are different when you cross.

it must suck to be an atheist named christian. 

someday, there will be a til that david bowie and alan rickman both british, both died of cancer at 69, both in the same week of the same year.

if 666 is the most evil number in the world, then 25.8069758011 is literally the root of all evil.

home is where i don't mind my dick touching the toilet seat when i sit down 

there are 52 weeks in a year. if we had 13 months that would fit exactly into 4 weeks per month. why don't we have 13 months already?

it's funny how all the trust goes away when you're looking for the remote "are you sitting on the remote?" - "no" "stand up"

could we put nicotine in toothpaste to make brushing teeth addictive? 

from the perspective of a plant, carnivores are peaceful, docile creatures while herbivores a murderous killing machines

somewhere in the script for spiderman 3, it probably said [enter sandman] 

i wonder how many times i've crossed paths in real life with people i've had discussions with on reddit.

for april fool's day, google should dress up the search engine to look like bing.

if i can´t handle you at your worst, you´re probably a horrible human being. 

they really missed a great opportunity by not calling a group of squid, a squad

olympic teams should be chosen just like jury duty. receiving a random notification in the mail saying you have four years to train for a random

"one man's junk is another man's treasure" would be a great slogan for a gay dating site

if something is "unfoldable", does that mean that you can't fold it, or that you can unfold it?

the most successful "one size fits all" product ever is the toilet. 

if you work in a morgue you still have to come in to work after you die 

bacon and eggs is a day's work for a chicken and a lifetime achievement for a pig.

i've ruined a lot of good songs by setting them as my alarm music. 

catholic sex ed claims abstinence is 100

didn't even work for mary 

fbi director says citizens filming the police makes them, 'feel like they're under siege'... the tv show cops is on its 28th season...

in the newest batman v. superman trailer, instead of "son of krypton vs. bat of gotham", they really should have lex describe it as "son (sun) of krypton

in 50 years kids will have the stupidest usernames as nothing will be available.

if the revenant wins the best visual effects oscar this year and leonardo dicaprio doesn't end up winning best actor, then that means the bear has won

some asshole out there is actually sorting by "price: high to low" 

i wonder how many times a murderer has looked at me and thought, "na, not them."

i've used bruce almighty's "b-e-a-utiful!" line to spell beautiful my whole life

you've never been in an empty room 

the u.s. is so young that in the distant future people will think of our current time as still the very early stages of america's birth and growth as a

the more suicidal people, the less suicidal people 

most people wouldn't recommend a book unless they read the whole thing...unless you're christian.

if praying would actually work, it'd be forbidden in all professional sports. 

isn't viagra technically 'junk food'. 

you should be able to park in the "expecting mothers" parking spots at the mall if you are waiting to pick up your mother.

there should be a sub where people can submit random challenges (to attempt in real life) and people reply with picture proof

"dress for the job you want, not for the job you have" is terrible advice if you want to be a police officer. or a stripper.

i'm pretty sure the reason netflix originals don't do episode recaps is because they know you're just binge watching the show.

i don't care if people know i watch porn, i care if they know what kind of porn i watch.

the sun is at the bottom of the food chain 

if kim jong un does anything really impressive and tells people, no one will ever believe him

my steam account is more protected than my bank account. 

i wonder if the phrase 'toodaloo' came from english people excusing themselves to go 'to the bathroom'...

giving blood for the red cross sounds metal as hell if you don't know what the red cross is.

the "two" pun in "dumb &amp; dumber to" will go widely unnoticed due to many people still not knowing the difference between to/two/too.

the way that chillies have evolved to avoid being eaten has completely backfired

the only reason i check my voicemail is to get rid of the voicemail notification on my phone.

every time my mother scrolls through facebook, she often stops scrolling to say something like "wow" or "unbelieveable" and expects someone to be

just as i assume everyone on reddit is a 16-30 year old male, i assume everyone on tumblr is a 12-22 year old female

i just realized that watching magic tricks is basically like when you're playing with your dog and you pretend to throw the ball. i am the dog.

people think we can make contact with aliens, but fail to realize we can’t even communicate with other species here on earth.

if we don't accept refugees because 2 out of 100 m&amp;m's are poisoned then why is it ok the have "a few bad apples" in a police department?

i think the final episode of sunny in philadelphia should be "dennis kills the gang"

if fast food places gave cashiers 1

bonus, they'd probably see productivty and upselling skyrocket. they'd tell all their friends and family to eat there and would be super motivated. it

the word colonel is just a a big f u to anyone trying to learn english. 

there should be a beer called "the mondays" so you can happily say you "have a case of the mondays."

every doctor is a veterinarian specialized for only one animal 

we are closer to 2062, the year depicted in the jetsons, than to 1962, the year in which the jetsons debuted.

weights in a gym should all be of the same size, but hollowed out according to their mass so newbies don't feel shy about lifting.

if i had a zimbabwe dollar for every time someone said "if i had a dollar", i probably still wouldn't have a dollar.

i hate xp grinding in video games, yet i'm currently doing 5 years of college with plans to continue after i graduate.

blind people could use a glue stick as a higlighter. 

if you ever feel lonely, watch a horror movie. after a while, you won't feel like you're alone.

john cena and the rock should be in a movie together as cops who go undercover as wrestlers.

when dreamworks runs out of ideas they should tell the story about the boy on the moon and how he got so much fishing line

i know i'm getting old, because i don't know how twitter, instagram, or snapchat work, and i'm okay with that.

somebody should open up a burger shop and name it "mumford and buns." every burger on the menu is the same, just like their songs

telling my parents "i finished all my food" has two very different implications between being a child and being a college student.

i'll spend $20 on fast food without blinking an eye, but a $2.99 phone app is a serious decision.

i can never flirt with an attractive bank teller because she will always know how poor i really am

i want to live my life in such a way that i'll end up in a google doodle. 

drugs are like cheat codes for real life, they make the game more fun for a little while, but stop you from getting achievements.

your spouse is technically your ex boyfriend/girlfriend. they just got promoted, not fired.

there's 7.4b people on earth, but with the advent of air travel they will never all be on earth

the word "illuminated" means the same thing even if you only use every third letter.

the first rule of fight club is what prevented the movie from getting spoiled to me for the last 15 years

if a tv ad ever asks you a question (like "fed up of juicing by hand?"), then you should be able to say "no", and the ad automatically stop.

if the disney movie "inside out" we're set in a young teen boy's head, it would have to be rated nc-17.

what if, in thousands of years, "alien" becomes a derogatory word to describe inhabitants of other planets? and our descendants become disgusted at our

considering owls are nocturnal, wouldn't it be sufficient just to say someone is an "owl" instead of a "night owl"?

starbucks should have a self-service express lane for people who just want a plain cup of coffee.

sex scenes in shows/movies always cut off too early when watching alone, but last way too long when your parents are around.

airlines should award flight hours instead of miles so if your plane is delayed they can tell you your wait counts as flight hours. you'll be less

there's a big difference between a "butt dial" and a "booty call" even though the words are interchangeable

trophy wives are prostitutes that are paid a salary instead of hourly. 

just realized how horribly relevant my username is right now 

orange is the new black would have been a good name for a jersey shore rap album

to most christians the bible is like a software user agreement. they don't actually read it; they just scroll to the end and click "i agree."

if your gf has a friend that annoys you, don't tell your gf to stop being friends with her. just casually mention how pretty you think she is.

i bet drug dealers wish they could sell their drugs for as much as the police think they're worth.

a lot of people ruin their lives over orgasms. 

the ebola nurse hazmat costumes we'll be seeing everywhere tonight? recycled breaking bad costumes from last year.

if the government waged a war on potholes instead of pot then they would be making the country a safer place.

i wonder if any children in third world countries receive toys as christmas donations from america and they happen to be the toys they made themselves in

the futurama quote, "if you do things right, people won't know you've done anything at all." is literally the cia.

i think north korea just announces a bomb test every time they have an earthquake.

ted cruz starts some speeches saying "to god be the glory." if he said that in arabic he be starting them out saying "allahu akbar.'

i feel more disappointed in myself when i click on click bait than i do about almost any other everyday bad decision

there's nothing more suspicious than a clear browser history. 

what if it's harder to find good skipping stones now than it was in earlier times because they've all been skipped and sunk to the bottom of whatever body

what if jesus was just a normal guy and someone started a rumor about him that got out of control?

it's rude to hold a revolving door for someone 

each theater in a cineplex should have it's own bathroom next to it with screens inside playing the same movie you're watching so you don't have to

you either die a chris farley, or live long enough to see yourself become an adam sandler

if my parents had named me "pepper", i'd have been much more enthusiastic about pursuing a phd.

if you think about it, it makes no sense that adult movie tickets cost more than children tickets; kids are loud and cause a lot of disruptions. it should

the person who invented pizza has affected my life more than the inventor of the telescope.

they should announce a sequel to groundhog day and just release the original. 

it should be illegal to broadcast car horns or police sirens over radio advertisements

i didn’t exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine. 

happiness is such a good drug that you use other drugs to crave it 

you should be able to double press elevator floor buttons to cancel a mistaken choice

i bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is 

the poor soul that had to test "no tears" shampoo until they got it right... 

whenever someone doesn't cite their sources i don't believe them, but when they do i don't even bother checking the sources.

the manufacturer that makes "head and shoulders" should produce an accompanying body wash called "knees and toes"

we wake up after we die in a dream because we don't know what comes after death.

pandora should have a "shit, go back" button for when you accidentally skip a song you like

with pornhubs new idea of planting a tree per 100 videos watched, i am single handedly saving the world.

you're meant to become an expert in something after doing it for 10000 hours, but i've been eating for way longer than that and still bite the inside of my

my left hand is kind of like my right hand's disabled twin. 

nasa flawlessly played a 365 million mile hole of disc golf with a billion dollar projectile

if u step on people's feet,they will open their mouth,just like trash bins. 

i hate any shampoo company that shapes their bottles in a way that makes it impossible to put them down upside down

pi is the embodiment of the circle, yet is also the farthest possible thing from a round number.

when the pope dies, is he being fired or promoted? 

i bet art schools have the best bathroom graffiti 

"the pen is mightier than the sword" was written by a pen making it biased. 

there are dogs living in foreign countries that probably understand the local language better than i do.

we live in a 1940 nazi's dystopian future 

everyday, someone on earth unknowingly does the loudest fart in the world for that day

a fine is a tax for doing bad. a tax is a fine for doing well. 

the phrase "don't you dare" is actually the phrase "do not you dare". and that confuses me.

with 3d printing in a few years we'll feasibly be able to torrent a lego set. 

there are no animals in the pokémon world, so whenever the anime characters eat meat, they're eating pokémon.

couples who know the exact date of their child's conception aren't having a lot of sex

when ever i'm reading someone's story on reddit, i automatically assume it's a male. then if they mention something that gives away that they're a female, i

snapchat should have a 'send as nsfw' feature, so you don't open up your girls nudes whilst sat having coffee with your mum.

if you repost a til the same day it was posted, you're really just telling the truth.

the iphone is like college textbooks. every year, they just change a few things and slap on a high price.

reddit's freak out is going to look really dumb if victoria was fired suddenly for a legit reason.

in the drug mule business, a buttload would be a practical unit of measurement 

bathrooms that only have air dryers and no paper towels make me want to wash my hands less

sometimes, when i see internet trolls and facebook fights, the endless march of the keyboard warriors, and the celebrity twitter feuds, i think to myself;

i never realized how short a month is until i started paying rent. 

every person alive today has an ancestor that lived through every moment of human existence.

maybe the best way to discourage teens from doing drugs would be to have the really uncool adults talk about how awesome and fun drugs are.

when you're a child, you must not swear in front of adults. when you're an adult, you must not swear in front of children. it's only acceptable to swear

anti-piracy ads always insisted that "you wouldn't download a car", except i would absolutely download a car.

writing 2k15 instead of 2015 annoys me more than it should. 

procrastination has taught me how to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in 30 minutes.

if my chopsticks are made in china, does this mean they are high or low quality?

"making ends meet" would be a fantastic slogan for a double ended dildo company.

people with gluten intolerances should say "this is the worst thing since sliced bread."

bing's top search is probably "google". 

today there are probably more hungover homosexuals than any time in human history.

after taking a tv production class in college, i now realize what a dick move dropping the mic actually is considering how sensitive and expensive they are

if i throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to pigeons determines whether or not i'm littering.

the fact that i have not yet dropped a single phone into the toilet is a miracle.

the alphabet says "hi" and then immediately afterwards was kidding with "jk" 

if i said "happy birthday" to strangers i interact throughout the day, eventually i'll be right and that person will be really creeped out.

if christian businesses really stuck to their principles, they'd serve everyone regardless of their sins...

i wonder how many random stranger's homework i've done answering to random shit on /askreddit, /askscience, etc...

my soulmate and i will likely never meet, since neither of us like leaving the house.

what if there really is a u/deleted going around posting "removed" all over the place?

how many times do you think that you've seen the exact same bird outside, but had no idea that you've looked at it before.

i wonder if a hoedown is so named because you have to put the hoe (farming/gardening tool) down in order to party.

artificial flavoring and synthetic ingredients are so common in our groceries that making a product with real food has become a marketing point

'the very hungry caterpillar' teaches children that if you eat too much, you become beautiful.

the opposite of "baldwin" is "hair-loss". 

was medium fructose corn syrup ever considered or did we just crank that shit to high right off the bat?

piratebay has the best cybermonday and blackfriday deals on video and gaming. 

a great name for self-driving cars would be "automobiles" but we've used that already.

if i knew nothing about drugs, i would think something called acid would be far worse than a drug called heroin.

the post office is amazingly cool....me: mr. postman, will you take this piece of paper across the country to my friend? him: sure....but it will cost

life would be different if semen was purple and stained things 

someone should make a website for amputees where they can find other amputees who want to go half on a pair of shoes or gloves.

our butts can eject solids, liquids, and gasses 

before record players, no one had sex to music without seriously weirding out the musicians.

i bet no one will say "he's in a better place" when hugh hefner dies. 

the cleverest criminal masterminds are the ones whose stories we'll never hear.

how cool it would be to downvote your friends facebook status without knowing whom they came from. then maybe they would stop posting pics of their kids

most people can eat the same breakfast, weeks in a row without a complaint. but the same dinner 2 days in a row? that's not allowed.

there should be a button in reddit to 'preload' a certain amount of gigabytes of your feed before a flight.

in 100 years my descendants could very well be reading all my online posts and profiles while researching me - strange feeling

every winter, pitchers from major league baseball should get together and have a snowball fight.

i am a firm believer that every traffic jam starts with one dumbass 

since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating

birth control pills should be for men, it makes more sense to unload the gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest.

in all seven books, harry potter only bathes once 

"survived a shark attack" sounds a lot cooler than "almost killed by a fish". 

there should be a "i found a phone" app on the lock screen of phones that the finder can input their number or an email address into and an email is sent to

the first person who copied someone was in fact very original. 

if lightsabers ever get mass produced the companies name should be sith &amp; wesson.

if you ever hear someone talking about fight club, you can accurately say, "that guy doesn't know the first thing about fight club."

if i was born after nine months, and an hour before me, a premature baby was born after seven-and-a-half months, they would would be older than me despite

you are literally always clapping, just sometimes with really long pauses. 

the last line of "row, row, row your boat" is quite existential for a children's song.

maybe it is ok being kinda short. tall guys have to bend over for hugs and get nothing but shoulder. i get full on squishy boob

if you pet your pet rock enough, it'll erode and you'll be alone again. 

my standards for who i'm willing to masturbate to is much higher than who i'm willing to have sex with

i wonder how many tattoos have been ruined because of earthquakes 

north korea and china are like friends that used to do lots of drugs together, but china has cleaned up a lot and really doesn't know what to do about his

reddit is just like your fridge: you keep going back to it every 30 seconds when you're bored.

everyday, my daughter's school bus driver gives us a treat for the dog. to the dog, we sell ava everyday for one dog treat.

mosquitoes are the original "why're you hitting yourself?" bully. 

it's pretty fucked up how winnie the pooh and jack the ripper have the same middle name

facebook's list of "suggested friends" is quite literally a list of people i've been avoiding my entire life.

a broken clock is exactly right twice a day, but a clock set one minute too fast is never, ever exactly right

can we please collectively change the name from hoverboards, to segboards? you know, cuz its like a fucking segway?

if you lower your standards enough, there are literally thousands if not millions of people who are attracted to you and would marry you in a second.

saying "i don't support privacy because i have nothing to hide" is much like saying "i don't support free speech because i have nothing to say"

drake is canadian, and when he says goes 0-100 real quick, he is probably referring to kph, which equates to 0-62 mph real quick.

there will come a point when the word "hurrah" is used for the final time. this will literally be the last hurrah.

if the september 11th attacks were to have happened in july, 7-eleven possibly would have gone out of business

do you ever think deaf people read the lyrics for top 40 songs and think, maybe being deaf isn't that bad after all.

losing 200 pounds is a lot better in the us than in england. 

there's a decent chance rick astley gave up on that girl. 

the best part about reddit is finding a poignant, mind blowing, or even heartbreaking life story, piece of advice, or whatever, then glancing up to

instead of suspending bad students and giving them days of, we should have anti-suspentions and give them more school on weekends and holidays

patriotism is not about loving your country blindly. it is about accepting its flaws and solving them little by little

if you were invisible would you be able to see through your eyelids? 

the "b" in "subtle" is the most subtle b ever. 

imdb should have a spoiler-free mode where you can hide how many episodes an actor appeared in.

spiders are the only web developers that are happy to find bugs 

if colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who " at least 2-3 years college

a loaded gun with a laser attachment is probably the easiest way to kill a cat 

born too late to explore the world, born too early to explore the galaxy. 

when a child is told to say sorry like they mean it, we are essentially teaching them to fake sincerity.

in the year 2021, the phrase 'hindsight is 2020' will be overused 

putting "www." in a web address is like putting "planet earth" on a piece of mail

historians are very important people...they are currently saving our progress. 

asking someone to sleep over is weird. you're basically asking "hey, would you like to come lay dormant with me for 6-9 hours?"

covers are designed to represent the book; if you can't judge a book by its cover, it's a poorly designed cover.

our grandchildren will be able to google the tweets of their grandparents. 

the first snow of the year is technically in january, and not in the fall. 

since a lot of the profits from recreational marijuana in colorado go to fund public education, pot is now actually making people smarter. suck on that,

kim jong un is probably the biggest threat to world peace but if you type "kim" in google...kim kardashian still comes up first.

i'll bet that when thomas edison played back his own voice on the first phonograph he thought it was broken because his voice sounded weird.

at his maximum speed, usain bolt legally cannot sprint through a school zone. 

during world war 2, germany had the extended arm, the us had the victory sign, and russia the uplifted fist. — all together just an escalated game of

reddit has made me realize how unoriginal my thoughts truly are 

if a serial killer murders one person after the other then a terrorist could also be called a parallel killer.

there should be olympic paintball where countries send there special forces to compete.

whenever the brain and the heart fight , its always the liver that suffers. 

everybody says the idea of a unicorn is ridiculous, but narwhals are more ridiculous and they exist.

i have no idea where puerto rico is. 

pizza crust is an edible plate to keep your meat and vegetables on. 

lesbian pornography should be called quadruple x instead of triple x, because there are two x chromosomes for each woman.

michael cera should start a clothing line called tryceratops 

if they have ben affleck playing batman, they might as well have matt damon play robin.

tv screens went from being curved, to flat, to curved the other way. 

anyone on the internet who has a profile picture of an anonymous mask is almost certainly not part of anonymous

"wtf" has more syllables than just saying "what the fuck" 

they should put a braille dot on usb cables so you plug them in the first time every time.

i'm currently sitting at the pc browsing reddit while listening to "born in the usa", eating pizza and drinking beer, wearing a star spangled banner

never realized how lucky i was until i traveled to a place where you can't drink the tap water.

ireland and iceland are a "sea" apart. 

prejudice is one of the most stupid things on earth because there are so many perfectly good reasons to dislike people on an individual basis.

/r/gonewild probably creates the most oc of all of reddit 

why didn't cinderella glass slipper turn back into a crappy shoe after midnight?

i trust a lot of people not to kill me every day 

reddit is like the perfect hangout for introverts because i'm in on all the jokes and nobody makes fun of me for not talking.

i have never looked at a button, and thought it was cute. 

if you were an 18-year-old girl who flashed your boobs in the first girls gone wild video, you would be 34 years old today

homeless people are really good at finding sharpies and cardboard. 

the people upset that the hermione granger actor in the new play is black would be the same people in the book who are upset she's a muggle-born.

by the time artificial intelligence will know how to pass the turing test, it will also know how to fail it.

if the queen in snow white has magic powers and can turn herself into an old hag why doesn't she turn herself into someone more beautiful than snow white?

many, many future celebrities and world leaders are currently just babies. 

"food porn" is an appropriate name. like regular porn, it looks great, but you can't tell how it tastes or smells.

all single-person bathrooms should be unisex 

when someone says "you know what they say about assuming", they are assuming you know what they say about assuming.

china built a wall and now they have almost no mexicans. 

saying that, "spying is ok because you have nothing to hide." is like saying, "taking away free speech is ok because you have nothing to say."

most of the time when a pickup line 'works', it was actually just said by a good looking person.

if i push the right buttons, in the right order, on the machine on my desk, i could make millions of dollars.

what if the placebo effect is a lie and taking pill-sized amounts of sugar is just a really fucking healthy thing to do.

in the dog world, humans are elves that routinely live to be 500+ years old. 

do sperm banks give out their wi-fi password instead of porn magazines now? 

batman is a good name for a man who sees via echolocation, daredevil is a great name for a billionaire vigilante

i think a lot of the conflict in the wild west could've been avoided had architects designed their towns big enough for everybody.

females is much more fun to say if you pronounce it like tamales 

when the person who invented the usb dies, they better put the coffin in the ground, bring it back out, flip it over and put it back in.

those who make a big deal out of people sharing 99

mention that people also share 50



since celery is 90





when the first single celled organism divided, it created life on earth in its own image

i swear i came up with 'the floor is lava' game but apparently so did everyone else.

there are probably thousands of video tapes buried in time capsules that will be un-watchable because vcr's were not buried with them.

i'm not who i think i am. i'm not who others think i am. i am who i think others think i am.

google should give you an award if you're the first person to ever google something.

star wars episode vii will be the first in the series released in the correct order corresponding to its number.

being an adult now, in hindsight, i've realized "cool parents" are just bad parents.

when you're fat, everyday is leg day. 

people bring kids to art galleries filled with statues of topless women, but if i walk topless through an art gallery i'll be arrested for obscenity.

i wish life had a koopa flying around in a cloud like mario kart, that would tell me when i'm going in the wrong direction

every time you paint a room, it gets very fractionally smaller. 

shampoo is a really weird word. 

deadpool is pretty much a comedy movie, with action-relief. 

the same people who told us 'if you've done nothing wrong you've got nothing to hide' are the same who are saying 'where i hide my money has nothing to do

i smile at dogs more than i smile at humans. 

bathroom graffiti was the original 4chan. 

churches are like bookclubs that only ever discuss one book. 

being able to kill one bird with one stone doesn't get enough credit. 

i wonder if prostitutes tell their clients "it's been a business doing pleasure with you."

the game fuck, marry, kill could totally be renamed fork, spoon, knife 

jamba juice and pizza hut should merge to create jamba the hut. 

if you end up living to be 100, then your age right now is like a percentage of how much of your life you've lived.

everyone you know sees you as a side character in their own life story 

walruses are sabertooth seals. 

ted cruz should be forced to wait 48 hours and undergo counselling before he can abort his campaign

i have yet to see absolute proof that i'm not immortal 

over the past 10 years, they've been taking away our progress bars and replacing them with "loading circles" that don't tell us any useful

if you watch porn on the international space station will there still be women who want anonymous sex just a few miles away?

you don't have 9 foot ceilings, you have 9 foot walls. 

the best part about self-driving cars is the fact they will actually use their turn signals.

we all are at bottom of an ocean of air. 

i want somebody to flush a camera down the toilet while recording and uploading the journey it takes through all the pipes on youtube

if the universe is 4-dimensional and we perceive the 4th spacial dimension as 'time', then we're just a stretched-out spaghetti-like string with our newborn

the more interracial sex we have now, the less we'll be able to have later. 

if you're not sick right now, take a minute to be grateful for being able to breath unobstructed, move ache free, or be more than 20 feet from a toilet.

if oceanographers ever found a kraken, they would put it in an aquarium. then an animal activist group would start a mob outside with signs saying "release

considering plankton was able to create his wife karen, who seems to have all the artificial intelligence of ibm's watson, he could have had a pretty

a poor whore is a destitute prostitute. 

babies cry all the time because the worst thing that's ever happened to them, happens on a regular basis.

they should call cowboy clothes "ranch dressing" 

jehovah's witnesses should open a gym called jehovah's fitness 

lorde should name her next album "have mercy" 

every time someone finds a video-game "score" at a flea market, there's a dude somewhere that doesn't know his mom is selling his shit.

the creators of "how it's made" should make a show about "how the hell they discovered that", with the origin stories of food creations, inventions, and

there should be a sperm bank called "get a load of this guy". 

if a vegan treats a girl "like a piece of meat," he is probably actually quite respectful.

every time you get dressed remember that, if you die, that's your ghost outfit forever.

every time i get a notification that i got a message on reddit, my first thought is, "alright, what did i say to make someone angry this time"

what if genies were real until somebody wished they weren't? 

betty white has been an old lady for my entire life, and i am 33. 

computers freeze when they get too hot. 

if we find primitive alien life, the only way we should intervene is by building pyramids

i bet teen pregnancies have gone down because you can buy condoms at self checkouts now.

there are millions upon millions of plants growing across the globe that were planted by their seeds being carried by wind and animals, in the some of the

when i see a pretty girl and she is smoking i just think "what a waste" 

i really hope jeff dunham carefully invested all that money from the 8 months when everyone thought he was funny.

you get tears when you yawn because you miss your bed and it makes you sad. 

i used to be the youngest person alive 

the word "language" is technically onomatopoeia. 

mitch hedberg was the king of shower thoughts 

browsing reddit when bored is like the virtual version of checking the refrigerator

reddit should have a /r/bifu group. the acronym stands for before i f*ck up. it's a place you can go to and say things like, "today, i'm going to shave

i bet if you texted "i heard what you said about me" to every person in your phone you could find out some real shit for sure.

beef jerky is like a cow raisin 

women are the original 3d printers. 

banks should issue an "anti-pin" for debit and credit cards that serves as a distress signal and signifies that the cardholder is under coercion.

at some point in history, a mosquito has to have bitten into a pimple and thought "what the fuck is this?"

bungee jumping is all the thrills of suicide, but none of the commitment 

mars is the only known planet to be inhabited entirely by robots 

i wish i could enjoy sleeping, while asleep. 

if you named your alcohol "responsibly," then your competitors would do all of your advertising for you.

even if you are not successful in life, you are guaranteed to get two certificates.

half of blink 182 is wink 91 

if we never had leap years, today would be july 11, 2017. 

i wonder if i've ever played against the same random person in two totally different online games without even knowing it

air bud seems like a great movie, until you realize some poor kid was cut from the team to make room on the roster for a golden retriever.

i haven't clicked "page 2" on my google researches for years. 

if you're deaf, every fart is a gamble 

if the point of life is to have kids, and the point of your kids' lives is to have kids of their own, then life is just a pyramid scheme.

for the last season of american idol, they should have all the former winners come back and compete against each other to decide who the all - time best is

why do women's razor ads always show someone shaving their already perfectly hairless leg? like, show me your razor shaving a man's leg, or a gorilla, and

nsfw tags on showerthoughts are fucking useless. 

if humanity was wiped out today there would still be bots posting on reddit. 

no more puns. 

there will be a day in my life that i will be the hottest, dapperest, most handsome i've ever been and ever will be.

if the lowest american dollar bill is $1, and the lowest canadian dollar bill is $5, do canadian strippers make more money on average?

if i was a cashier at a pot shop, i would greet customers with "how high are you today?" instead of "hi, how are you today?".

if cops need to shoot dogs to stay safe, our postal workers are woefully unarmed.

when i was a kid i thought knowing how to spell "mississippi" would be much more important than it is now

a centipede's body is mostly armpits 

why doesn't tarzan have a beard? 

me compulsively browsing reddit as soon as i wake up is the equivalent of my dad reading the morning paper

the first guy to shave his face must have freaked some people out. 

i bet it's pretty hard to give a loud, impassioned political speech in germany nowadays.

"condoms are for pussies" would be a great condom brand slogan. 

when someone pulls up in a kia soul and gets out of the car and they aren't a hamster i'm a little disappointed.

glass half full and glass half empty doesn't depend on your philosophical bend as much as it depends on whether it was poured half way up or drank half way

batman v superman should have been 2 movies released at the same time, but from each perspective.

stop smoking ads has gotten to the point where they're more obnoxious than smokers themselves

"righty tighty lefty loosey" also applies to democrats and republicans 

you have no idea what you've forgotten about. 

if you wore a green suit, you could beat up a weather channel anchor and nobody would know whats going on

if the nsa is recording everything that passes along the internet, couldn't record and film companies use their draconian copyright laws to sue them?

how cool would it be to see your brain's "task manager" 

if wikipedia wanted to reach the donation goal quicker, they should hold "blackouts" around exam weeks.

if the pen is mightier than the sword, then the keyboard is mightier than the assault rifle

a prostitute could technically refer to people they've slept with as "someone from work".

it's weird, since i installed ad-blocker there's been a lot less women in my area dying to meet me.

the teenagers that made fun of me in school for being nerd and playing a musical instrument are now adults who want their kids to perform like i did in

captain america would probably be unintentionally sexist and racist, due to attitudes when he was frozen

writers of terms and conditions should be legally obligated to include a tl;dr at the end of every contract

every time you paint a room, it gets slightly smaller. 

i would rather find $5 on the ground then have my local wnba team win a national championship

the walmart greeters i appreciate the most are the ones who don't greet me. 

the reason they sell popcorn at the movies (instead of chips) is so that you can still hear the movie over the sound of your chewing

school doesn't even test your intelligence, it tests your memory. 

the studio that has the rights to groundhog day should release the movie again as groundhog day 2.

i should flip my tinder profile pic upside down, so that when people turn their phones, they're swiping the wrong direction...

using the flashlight on my 1

the premise of suicide squad. 

we judge the quality of seafood by how little it tastes like seafood. 

one day, we're going to have to explain to our kids how we wasted our valuable and limited helium resources on party balloons...

the hardest thing i ever attempted to do was to come up with a new letter of the alphabet without it sounding like the 26 that already existed

maybe if we announce that buzzfeed's shutting down, buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down.

closing your eyes after turning off your alarm is a very dangerous game. 

maybe zombies moan "brains", not because they like them, but to give us a clue where to strike them in order to end their misery.

our grandchildren will think of gasoline-powered cars the way we think of steam engines

i wonder if turtles think that frogs are homeless? 

i always take for granted how awesome it is that my body is waterproof. i can confidently jump in a pool or a bath tub without the fear of my insides

the first person to have had twins must have been really freaked out 

instead of 'faking your own death' we should just call it "pseudocide" 

high school should have a required class called life where they teach finance, real estate, taxes, and other essential life skills.

ever notice that "strap on" spelled backwards reads "no parts"? 

if alcohol were invented right now, it would be classified as an extremely dangerous drug, and a societal threat.

i can kiss your lips, look into your eyes, but suddenly it's weird if i sniff your nose.

sad, lonely people are imagined as living with cats because you can't be lonely living with dogs.

the person who invented swimming was the first person who didn't drown 

neither the word 'elevator' or 'lift' imply that they also go down. 

if it weren't for porn, many of us wouldn't know what a beautiful woman looks like naked.

my father can't control himself around an open bag of chips. i can't control myself around an open bottle of vodka. my family's weakness is potatoes.

if everyone alive today would blink at the same time, no one would notice. 

because of inflation the five dollar milkshake from pulp fiction doesn't seem so expensive now.

i've only ever said "i hate you " to the people i wholeheartedly love. 

holding down the "print screen" button should create a gif of what was happening on your screen while you were holding it.

you know you're a millennial when ordering a side of guac is a financial decision.

there should be a 'binge on' button in netflix that automatically skips the theme song.

driverless cars will be awesome, but not until everyone is using them. the in-between stage will be road rage against the machine.

maybe instead of exchanging the ray rice jerseys people should just cut the sleeves off. turn them into wife beaters.

there should be an app like tinder where you approve someone based on their interests before seeing a picture so those of us who don't want to date can

if you slap dwayne johnson's ass, could you say you've hit rock bottom? 

oral sex probably got more popular after soap was discovered. 

after overhearing a girl ask if cocaine was gluten free, i think i'm officially done with la.

being a teenager is the awkward stage where you like adults more than the kids, but the kids like you more than the adults do.

the onion should publish one serious article just to see people try to interpret it as satire.

ever since i got adblock all the single horny women have lost interest. 

faking using the restroom in order to waste time is a very literal form of stalling.

people would quit doing most of the dumb stuff with their bodies if they had hp bar they could see like in video games.

michael bay probably *loves* his galaxy note 7 

30 or 40 years from now, the harry potter and lord of the rings movies will be considered old, inevitably prompting remakes

there should be a reverse angie's list where contractors can look up how customers treat people they hire

23 years on this planet, and i've only now realised that the yellow capsules inside kinder eggs are the yoke of an egg.

people say that playing violent videogames will turn you into a violent person. i've been playing sports videogames for some time and i'm still not an

on april fools day, brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally

when deaf people get in fights, they can let their fists do the talking. 

female cockroaches should be called cuntroaches 

reddit is like a giant support group for people who are bored. 

i'm still hopeful that i'll see a girl i know or an ex on one of the nsfw/gone wild subs.

my dad got his breaking news from walter cronkite. i get mine from someone named /u/showershitters

pornhub on mobile should have a "one-handed" mode. 

the look of frustration i give my gf as she takes forever to get ready to go is the same look my dog gives me as i put on socks and shoes before being able

the saying "it's easier to keep up than to catch up" is true for pretty much everything in life. everything except mario kart.

there could have been boneless dinosaurs and we would never know about 

i will consider myself an adult when i can consistently and correctly cook the amount of pasta i need to eat

if i had the ability to stop time, i would just use it to take naps. 

30 years from now we'll probably view soda in the same way as we see cigarettes.

mothers who become friends because their kids are the same age are only friends because they had sex at roughly the same time

i have a samsung. when i call my girlfriend at college, i'm calling from a galaxy far, far away.

even popeye didn't eat spinach until he had to. 

at this very moment, someone you greatly admire may be taking a shit. 

when someone tells you, "don't let anyone tell you how to live your life," it's someone telling you how to live your life.

the more exes you have the more names you don't have for your future child 

if pigs could fly just imagine how good their wings would taste. 

this ahmed kid should make watches and call them terror wrists 

the year 2024 is closer than 2005. 

if you went back in time and met yourself, both versions of yourself would see each other as the "old" you.

there are parents that were born in the year 2000 

i'm glad to live in a society where seeing a woman in yoga pants is socially acceptable

what if harambe was shot by a time traveller to prevent planet of the apes becoming reality

if i could teleport, i'd still probably be late everywhere. 

it used to be a luxury to get produce from across the world, but now it's a luxury to get them locally

ghosts that haunt graveyards are really lazy 

when you're too shy to ask a girl for her number you never see her again, but if you ask a girl and she turns you down you see her at chipotle and bars and

everyone calls them dick pics. why are we not calling them dictures? 

if nude pictures of a person with a twin get leaked, its almost as bad for the twin

technically, you can go the whole rest of your life without eating or drinking 

what if americans colonize mars but the american colonies declare independence?

instead of trying to invent a time machine, we should create a time which entices future time machine inventors to come back and visit.

you know a film will be serious when the studio's logo has no music. 

reddit should allow posts to go into negatives so that we can see the "back page" as well as the front page.

when you first start dating someone, you are entering an unspoken contest to see who can hold their farts in the longest.

we live in a time in which we can listen to virtually any song on at any time, but if a song i love happens to come on the radio, i am thrilled

i was always annoyed as a child when adults said, "pokemans." now, as an adult, i am annoyed by children who say, "pokemans."

they should make a batman shampoo, and pair it with a conditioner gordon. 

when i forget an account password its like a test to see how well i know myself

god is often depicted as male and this offends many people. the same people don't care that satan is depicted as male too.

i wish i could know how many people thought about me when they were masturbating

you know, if frodo had turned into a ringwraith, he'd be the cutest, least intimidating wraith ever. maybe he'd even get a tiny fell-beast to ride.

we're likely less than a generation away from the question "do you smoke?" being generally interpreted as marijuana rather than tobacco.

a cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber. 

the videos you watch before you find the right one to masturbate to are really just fap-itizers

copy and paste is arguably one of the greatest inventions in the history of the world.

lmnop is like the face melting guitar solo of the abc song. 

as a child, i wanted to be an adult because of the freedoms it would give (r rated movies, drinking, driving, etc.) as an adult, i want to be a child

if reddit provided an option for users to give someone the opposite of gold (like a brown turd), people would probably be more likely to pay to let

if baldness was as common in women as men, we would have found a cure by now 

today would be a terrible day to introduce an overweight friend to reddit. 

when a lightsaber runs low on battery, does it get shorter or dimmer? 

trust falls are bulsshit. i would trust my best friend with my life, but i'm sure he would let me fall, film the whole thing and upload it to facebook

i wonder if nicholas cage and john trovolta have used the face swap app yet. 

if sans means 'without,' then comic sans means it's not fucking funny 

if you ever have to find an actual needle in an actual haystack, you could just burn the haystack.

humans cut down trees to build bird houses. 

tinfoil hatters probably thought it was a huge conspiracy when tin was replaced with aluminum.

ignorance is only bliss when it's mine. when it's somebody else's, then it's torture.

if you're accused of being argumentative and defensive, it's impossible to debate it.

the outdated slang words "square" and "radical" are opposites of each other, just like they are in math.

i like to go to self checkout because it doesn't judge me. 

a doctor is a veterinarian that only has to work on one species. 

a comma is a pause in a sentence. a coma is a pause in a life. 

i choose my friends based on whether we hate the same things more than on whether we like the same things

there's way less public bathroom graffiti these days due to the advent of pooping with a smartphone in hand.

after the credits of a film that is "based on a true story" there should be a brief summary of the differences between the film and reality.

if the whole harambe situation has proven anything: we sure as hell aren't ready for jurassic park.

there should be a 5 year marriage available. when the time is up, you could renew it, or just let it go.

if we put the tags for underwear on the outside, they would still remain unseen but would cure itchy butts.

when someone gets arrested they should be allowed to make a one sentence statement to accompany their mugshot. like a senior yearbook quote.

star wars is about 1 war and billions of stars. it should be called stars war. 

maybe the original matrix was so accurate that the machines made the sequels suck to throw us off.

in canada they eliminated the use of pennies. when the price ends in 3 or 4 cents they round up to 5 cents and when it is 1 or 2 cents they round

if a girl doesn't make you wear a condom, she probably didn't make anyone else wear one either...

wolverine could've saved more lives by becoming a multiple organ donor than being an x men.

there have been no "how i got rich" books that involve ever reading a "how i got rich" book

i would much rather take a shit in the woods than take a shit in a porta potty.

we swallow our spit all day every day but the second it leaves our mouths it becomes disgusting

the only things you actually have control over are muscle contractions and your inner monologue. everything the human race has ever accomplished has come

when my son is old enough to post on reddit i really will have done op's mom. 

click-bait has trained me to fight my natural curiosity. 

elon musk should come out with a self-titled cologne. 

faking during sex should be refered to as sargasam. 

trying to get rich by winning the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines.

how many trees does it take before you start calling it a forest? 

i wonder if native americans are (secretly) laughing at the irony that white americans are terrified their country is being taken over by a bunch

chestnuts should be slang for boobs 

"i before e except after c" is disproved by science. 

there is probably someone out there literally taking a dump from 2014 to 2015 

what if hawking's computer has attained ai and is answering exactly the opposite of what he is trying to say just to fuck with humans?

what if the egyptians used to have an advanced written language like ours but became addicted to memes and eventually just started using pictures to

americans have to be 420 months old to become president. 

i gave up soda because it's unhealthy, but three or four nights a week, i consume alcohol that could severely damage my liver and see nothing wrong with

for an atheist, i sure use "i swear to god" and "jesus christ!" a lot. 

i cannot bother to watch a two hour movie on netflix but i can binge-watch a show, where one episode is 50 minutes long.

am i perfect? no. but am i striving to be a better person every day? also, no. 

getting reddit gold and not editing your comment to say thank you is like walking away from an explosion and not looking back

"emoticons" sounds like a group of sensitive transformers. 

been playing d&amp;d since i was a kid and some adults were concerned i couldn't tell fantasy from reality. the same adults tried to get me into

there must be millions of comments on reddit that never got viewed by anyone except the op

if taking someones life made your penis half an inch shorter, and saving someones life made it half an inch longer, the world would be a much better

if rat poison kills more animals than just rats, maybe we just call it poison 

i always tell my dog to have a good day when i leave for work, but i don't know if he actually does have a good day or not.

if someone were to take the flesh-eating drug krokodil and rage-inducing bath salts at the same time, they could become a very realistic-looking zombie.

almost every sound outside is an animal trying to get laid 

"lollygagging" sounds like someone deep throating a lollipop. 

george mcfly paid to have his car cleaned by someone that tried to rape his wife. that's a bit fucked up.

if homosexual sex is no longer counted as intercourse in florida, then that means that no homosexual can be charged for having sex in public. they get a

the earth is flying through space, and rotating on its axis. this means when you wake up in your bed in the morning, you're hundreds of miles away from

leonardo da vinci's vitruvian man could be perceived as instructions on how to make a snow angel.

when doing the limbo, if you set the bar low, then you’re setting the bar high.

men get compliments so rarely that i have never heard a bloke get complimented about anything except his work, ever.

horrible and horrific are synonyms. terrible and terrific are antonyms. 

how does superman have any muscle mass? it's not like he can do resistance training.

national anthems are country music 

the four elements: earth, water, air, fire represent the four states of matter solid, liquid, gas, plasma..

teen movies used to take place in and around a high school setting; now they're all set in dystopian futures.

spider-man used to take selfies before they were cool. 

if you dye your hair red, then you are trans-gingered. 

the factory that makes caution tape could be a really confusing place to work. 

eggs have such a good balance of nutrients because they literally contain all of the ingredients for a small animal.

what if at the end the first matrix movie, neo flies into the sky only to wake up as ted logan, turns to bill preston and says "bill, i just had the most

every time i don't play the lottery i win a dollar. 

i want to salute all the hungry humans who died figuring out what was and wasn't edible

naming new found land newfoundland is pretty lazy. 

i boycott every company that has a youtube ad over 20 seconds with no skip button.

if i owned a company i would not block any porn sites. then i would fire anyone stupid enough to watch it at work.

a phone cover is like a condom, it feels meh using it, and it feels amazing while not using it, but it's dangerous.

how has r/goldenshowers not been renamed r/kelly? 

smart watches should allow you to say "get police" and silently contact the local police station and allow them to listen in and locate your

if two pregnant women get into a fistfight, it's like a mech battle between two babies

technically, cannibals are at the top of the food chain. 

the goo goo dolls and lady gaga should go on tour together and title it the "goo goo gaga" tour

threatening to call the cops is the adult version of saying "i'm telling on you."

reddit is the only site where i actually want to read the comments. 

if i tell my auto insurance provider that i now identify as female, do my rates go down?

every single decision you have ever taken has led to you reading this sentence.

mike rowe could open his own brewery and call it mike rowe brewing. 

even if you don't believe in santa, odds are your gifts were made by tiny people in an unpaid, dangerous environment.

google should tally all the scores from the offline dinosaur game in an area and bring google fiber to whichever area racks up the most points.

as a left-hander, i take for granted the fact that i can scroll my mouse with my right hand and take notes with my left

has anyone ever noticed how in harry potter, the soul-eating dementors never go for ron?

i'm 100

back as an extra tupperware lid. 

every time i hear the 20th century fox fanfare, i'm slightly diappointed if i'm not about to watch star wars.

since everyone is regretting our candidates in 2016, it looks like hindsight will finally be 2020

you could say that slow internet connections are constipated because they need fiber

all-you-can-eat restaurants should tell you at the end of your meal how much it would have cost at a normal restaurant

elves work for free, aren't considered human, and are only 3/5ths the size of a normal person. santa owns slaves.

being born wealthy is like getting an rpg video game with a preexisting save file that has already beaten the game and has all the best armor and weapons.

the fact that so many of the most successful pop artists don't even write their own songs basically makes them cover bands...

a 'gasp' is a sigh but backwards. 

"nsfw" has more syllables than "not safe for work" 

i would open up an ice-cream place called "too spoon" and all the flavors would be named after current trageties.

the five most reassuring words ever are: "i haven't started yet either" 

we spend countless hours discussing whether god is real or not, while we could find it out in a few seconds by killing ourselves

defibrillators are the medical version of "have you tried turning it off and on again?"

dishware and flatware should be sold in sets so your spoon matches the curvature of the bowls for maximum scoopability.

the best part of any movie based on a true story is the part at the very end when they show pictures of the actual people the movie was about.

if i'm out walking my dog in public and we both have to pee, only he is allowed to. we've made laws that are specist against ourselves.

knocking on someone's door is basically punching their house until they let you in.

i have 10 million different personalities.. in my testicles. 

when my dog is let in the car he knows we are going to the beach. when i leave everyday, does he think i spend the day at the beach without him?

your first erection is an erection, subsequent erections are resurrections. 

i wish i could send star wars spoilers to martin shkreli since he didn't get to see it last night.

a garden hose is an extension cord for water. 

humanity won't care about investing seriously into space travel, until we are in a situation where we wished we invested more into space travel.

whoever put an "s" in "lisp" is seriously an asshole. 

i drank nothing but breastmilk for an entire year of my life and i still have no idea what it tastes like

"be there or be square!", because you're not a-round. 

if you try to pronounce "lmao" you sound like a french cat 

i wish i could psychically communicate with bugs so i could tell them i'm just trying to catch them and put them outside and they'd freaking cooperate.

in professional poker, is botox considered a performance enhancing drug? 

if i were to kill a murderer, there would be the same number of murderers left in the world.

i've been to 5 schools, had 9 jobs, driven 4 cars, lived in 8 homes, lost 2 grandparents, had 4 cousins be born...and in all that time, the simpsons'

according to a genital structure, men should be the ones wearing the skirt and women should be wearing trousers...

why do porn websites have a share to social media option? as if i want alyssa from high school to know what i've become

clint eastwood is a anagram for "old west action" 

reddit is a classroom that rewards the class clowns as much as the smart kids 

if you cut too many corners you'll land up going around in circles. 

you know, i never would have known about adblocker before some sites thanked me for not using it, so congratulations, you played yourself

if a tv show is cancelled, it should be mandatory for a final episode to be made that provides viewers with closure.

when i eat mini m&amp;m's, i imagine it's just like when shaq eats regular m&amp;m's.

when people say "i forgot something" it is usually because they remembered something.

there should be a restaurant called "it doesn't matter" for people to take their so's who can't decide on what to eat.

if someone says to you "say one more bad thing about my sister and you'll get beat up" and you reply "she's good in bed", should you get beat up?

your stomach is always filled with warm vomit. 

spilling a beer is the adult equivalent to losing a balloon 

poor people go missing, rich people get kidnapped. 

lawyer hopes you're in trouble, doctor hopes you're sick, cops hope you're criminal, teacher hopes you're stupid but only a thief wishes you prosperity

thanks to the internet i've seen more naked woman than any other man in my family tree.

if the virgin mary had a sister, the sister would be the auntie christ! 

we tell kids to not take candy from strangers, but have an entire holiday dedicated to taking candy from strangers.

if she types faster on a touchscreen than a keyboard, she's probably too young for you

it's never too late to apologize. it only might be too late to have your apology accepted.

if bill nye the science guy were in new york on new year's eve, the headline could be "nye in ny on nye".

"my wife thinks i'm hot" is the adult equivalent of "my mom thinks i'm cool." 

coke should partner with bethesda to make nuka cola a real product to build hype for fallout 4.

being single and on the "market", i am finding out that the market is flooded with defectives, recalls and safety concerns.

many animals probably need glasses, but nobody knows it. 

if a horcrux from harry potter splits your soul in half then tom riddles diary had far more of voldemorts soul in it than voldemort himself

for or against same sex marriage there's gonna be a lot of butt hurt people today

i wonder how many awkward things people have said to me i've completely forgotten about but still makes someone cringe randomly when they are trying

spring time is a giant orgy for trees and plants, and we're allergic to their semen.

driverless cars would allow an extra person to call shotgun 

every post on /r/osha should be tagged nsfw 

as my kids grow up, they will initially associate the word "amazon" with an online store and not a rain forest in south america.

mrs incredible must've had the easiest pregnancy/childbirth. 

teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all they time in the world

people these days require more computing power to sit on the toilet than astronauts did to get to the moon.

the last sequence of jaws should have ended with a black screen displaying: "fin"

the four classical elements (earth, water, air, and fire) match the four states of matter (solid, liquid, gas, and plasma).

i wish i could temporarily hide photos on my phone in case someone decides to swipe left or right.

if suddenly /r/outoftheloop is made private, i won't ever figure out why. 

the word 'go' doesn't rhyme with 'do' but rhymes with 'slow'. 'cow' doesn't rhyme with 'slow' but rhymes with 'plough'. 'through' and 'dough' rhyme with

if someone crashed in a self driving google car, they would have to send a real crash report to google.

if money grew on trees, congress would actually care about the environment. 

dogs have no idea that whales exist. 

somebodys job is to nail jesus to the cross every time a crucifix is made 

there should be an unwatch button for netflix so i can keep watching a show after my girlfriend falls asleep and not have her get mad at me.

if leonardo dicaprio wins an oscar this year, they should get steve harvey to announce it just to make him nervous

it's a pretty big fucking coincidence that "alzheimers" sounds a lot like "old timers".

7.3 billion people are experiencing the same day in a different way. 

scotland is the boyfriend who saved up and bought the expensive engagement ring, only to get dumped by england.

if the dead were to ever rise from their graves, they would all be really well dressed.

space jam was basically made by having michael jordan talk to himself and shoot baskets on a green screen.

i wish netflix would sort out holiday episodes so i can binge on them during their respective seasons.

if the u in misusing is removed it goes missing 

if you go into a fake time machine, you still come out in the future. 

you only know how old you are because other people have told you 

the question "what makes us human?" is essentially what makes us human. 

when i’m reading a book, it’s like i got a screenplay and i’m the director of my own movie. your mind is awesome.

growing up is going from being excited for ralphie getting his red ryder bb gun to seeing how happy and excited the father was the share something amazing

the guy following bear grylls with heavy camera gear is way more badass than bear grylls himself

instagram would have been a great name for a marijuana delivery service. 

the saddest part about being a cactus; is that they stand around all day with their arms stretched out, waiting for a hug that will never come.

when an animal from a zoo is released into the wild, they get an sleep-injection. after they wake up and are set free, they probably think

did anyone remember to wake up green day? 

there should be a dating app called 'dealbreaker' where you lead with your worst qualities so there are no surprises

i can drink 10 alcoholic cola mixed drinks every weekend without a second thought but whenever i drink a normal can of coke i feel like a fat fuck

i wonder how many communion wafers you have to eat before you've consumed a whole jesus.

there are hundreds of songs that i would probably love but will never hear 

people in the middle ages didn't have pizzas, burgers or chips. i wonder what epic future food i will miss out on.

i used to think i wasn't good at anything. then i realize that i'm really good at making posts that no one likes.

walking into a glass door is the best complement a window washer can get. 

your bed is a shelf you put your body on when you're not using it 

doesn't matter if you speak or use sign language- you'll develop a stutter when you get cold.

if birds didn't exist would planes? 

the seattle seahawks have made it to the super bowl every year since marijuana was legalized in their state

ducks are the ultimate animals. they can walk, swim, dive and fly. 

does the square block in tetris really turns when you click the button? 

katy perry spends an entire song saying "you're gonna hear me roar" only for the song to finish with a lion's roar and not her own.

if you open schrödingers box, and the cat is dead, your curiosity literally killed the cat.

the first person to discover that parrots can talk must have been really freaked out

shout out to the first guy who pointed to a wolf in the distance and said, "i think we could be friends."

there was a point in the past when 1 terabyte was roughly the total amount of storage on the planet.

a cocaine addict with the flu would be a very unhappy person. 

if edward snowden was chinese, obama would probably invite him for dinner at the white house and advocate him as a winner for the nobel peace prize.

what if rocks aren't hard, but just clench when we touch them? 

life is like coming in to a movie in the middle, having someone explain what happened before you came in, trying to figure out what's going to happen next,

since most suicidal people who survived jumping from the golden gate bridge jump regret jumping as soon as they do it, could the oculus rift/ other vr be

mcdonald's should have a 3rd window where you can trade in all the wrong shit they gave you at the second window

you know something is wrong with the healthcare system if you get sick and the first thing you worry about is "how am i going to pay for this."

maybe i have an obscure superpower like whenever i sneeze lightning strikes in pheonix arizona, but i'll never know.

youtube ads have made me watch less videos rather than more ads 

elastigirl of the incredibles had to fake child birth pains so they wouldn't know she was a superhero

a fight over text message is literally a thumb war. 

airlines should take into account passenger weight when checking baggage. if a 300 pound guy is able to check a 50 pound bag for free, then as a 140 pound

somewhere down the line (far, far down the line) rockstar should team up with google maps to make an open world gta game that would allow you to go anywhere

after graduating in may, i'm no longer a "broke college student", i'm just poor.

as a programmer, i am more concerned when my code works perfectly the first time than when it doesn't

dopamine and serotonin are technically the only two things you enjoy. 

fishing is the underwater equivalent of alien abduction 

if i lived near a time zone line, i could get mcdonald's breakfast at noon. 

"glue sticks" is a name for a construction utensil but also just a fact. 

most options at taco bell are the same thing but in different shapes. 

my twenty year high school reunion is coming up and thanks to facebook i can watch all the girls dropping weight like it's their job.

i don't watch porn for the plot, but i do notice plot holes 

jesus' statement that man cannot live on bread alone is solid nutritional advice

apple cars will be the first apple product to use windows 

when i was a kid i used to wake up early to watch cartoons, as an adult i stay up late watching cartoons

maybe reddit has the 'servers are busy' page pop open every so often to give the impression they are popular

somewhere out there it is some chicken's birthday and it doesn't even know it and i think that is sad

parents often say "you'll understand when you're older". i am 33 and still have no fucking clue

windows' "checking a solution to the problem" feature when a program crashes has never found the solution to the problem.

my two-year-old already assumes anything with a display is touch screen. and by the time he's old enough for me to explain they aren't, they will be.

we're all reading the same reddit comments in our native accents. 

jumping in video games seems to be a necessary form of movement, yet in real life we rarely, if ever, jump on a daily basis

today's date is a palindrome. 6-10-2016 

the shape on top of the teletubbies' heads are for colorblind people 

movember is the worst name for a prostate cancer awareness month - what about manuary or brovember? if you're feeling frisky, cocktober would be a shoe-in.

having sex in public is like eating a noisy bag of chips in church.... everyone looks at you in disgust but deep down inside they want

somewhere out there is a really tall person named richard who is literally the biggest dick in the world.

if you wake up in the morning it is called "morning wood". if you wake up at night it should be called a "night stick"

without the water, a shower would be nothing but 10-15 min of fondling yourself.

scissors are the hardest things to steal because you can't run away with them 

i wonder if i have ever bought milk from the same cow more than once 

microwaves should have a "midnight snack" button that mutes the beep 

"spandex" is a reversal of the syllable sounds in "expand"... 

all the star wars movies are just about the drama of one family. it's basically "keeping up with the skywalkers".

losing a sneeze is like blue balls for your nose 

we can't consider mexicans in general to be stereo-typically lazy, while also being mad at them for taking all the jobs we don't want to do.

the word 'dust' is both a noun and a verb but the verb is how you get rid of the noun.

double dick dude should be the ceo of johnson &amp; johnson. 

"so who's driving?" is going to be such an overused joke when self-driving cars become more widespread.

i wish there was a "who won?" poll at the bottom of every flame war on facebook

at age 30, you’ve spent a month having birthdays. 

i think the term "bodybuilder" should be used to describe a pregnant woman. 

do koreans think that lil jon, lil wayne, lil kim, and lil bow wow are siblings?

in two years, it will just be super bowl l 

pangaea would be a terrible name for a band; you'd know eventually they'd break up

goyte is now literally just somebody that we used to know. 

for "john smith" being such a common name, i've never met someone with the name.

if everyone was given one free, totally legal kill in their life, i bet everyone would be much nicer to one another.

people who have actually served in the military don't generally tend to associate the term "military-grade" with premium quality

my so-called "action figures" just stand there. 

if you ever feel unattractive, remember you look like your ancestors and all of them got laid.

if mary gave birth to jesus, and jesus is the lamb of god, then clearly, mary had a little lamb.

sex changes will become so perfected that someone will be the first person to tell us if giving birth is more painful than getting hit in the nuts.

there's most likely a girl from your high school who has a sex tape on the internet and you'll most likely never find that video.

forcing an atheist relative to go to church because it's christmas is a bit like dragging a eunuch along to an orgy because it's valentine's day.

when i was younger i pretended my juice was wine, now i pretend my wine is juice.

i correct autocorrect more than it corrects me. 

i wonder how often people who work at the patent office say to themselves, "i should have thought of that".

telling someone their stillborn infant is in a better place is equal to saying god kidnapped their baby and is now raising it in a place they will only reach

if you buttfuck someone that immigrated to your country, you are anal probing an alien.

i feel bad for kids in the future that will grow up on mars and never make enough money in their lives to visit earth

instead of stink bombs someone should design scent bombs- small capsules you can drop and crush discreetly to overpower bad odors on places like trains.

bethesda should have waited to announce fallout 4's release until the day of. with the ad campaign of "you never know when a nuclear bomb might go off."

the reason your eyes water when you yawn is because you miss your bed and it makes you sad.

halloween is the worst day to have an actual, bleeding injury 

the word 'crisp' starts in the back of your mouth and moves its way to the front when you say it.

it is socially acceptable to say "good morning" as a greeting and "good night" as a farewell, however it would be weird if someone said "good morning" to you

if mother earth is 4.5 billion years old, and it will probably only last around 7.9 billion years, couldnt that mean that global warming is just the

being awake is exhausting. 

i wonder if there is a redditor who's only subscribed to r/minimalism 

if you have a fatal heart attack in your self-driving car, would the car just continue on to it's destination? would dead people just start showing up at

i wonder if in 50-60 years there will be tv-shows like boardwalk empire,which take place during the "marijuana-prohibition".

over the course of human history, i wonder what alcohol has been more responsible for: births or deaths.

every ad is an ad for adblock. 

we should name the new planet pluto and act like nothing ever happened 

if we could get the chinese to believe, that pulverized is fighter testicles were an aphrodisiac, we could solve two problems at once.

it make absolutely zero sense that the only vehicles not requiring seatbelts are giant buses full of children.

if santa keeps track of "naughty" kids every "year", and the year doesn't start until january 1st, that leaves 6 days after christmas and new years left

eating something and saying its "tasty" is equivalent to listening to music and saying its "soundy".

i am first world poor. i use my laptop or smartphone to log into my bank account to see i have no money.

why do people i meet feel the need to tell me about a japanese roommate or chinese girlfriend they once had in college just because i'm korean? i should

99.9999



whenever i type 'etc..' i'm completely out of examples. 

i went from being told 'you are too young to understand' to 'you are old enough to know better' without being told when it happened.

if the fault in our stars movies failed because of bad acting, the fault would be in their stars.

every time my husband and i have sex we both set a new record for the oldest person we've done it with

saturday morning cartoons were to keep us busy while our parents got over their hangovers.

there should be a thing called "secret satan" where people draw each others names and then secretly prank each other throughout december.

have i ever had milk from the same cow twice? 

brad pitt has fought all three world wars. 

cross dressing could be really popular in muslim countries that use the burka, and nobody would ever even know.

someone should put a gopro on a bull during the running of the bulls. 

if jehovah's witnesses believe there are only 144,000 spots in heaven, why do they go around telling everyone about it instead of keeping it a secret?

99

like any more. 

all humans want is an excuse to be silly. children act silly because they don't need an excuse yet. young adults use alcohol as an excuse to be

when someone writes "tho" i think "ugh". i'm not judging them that's just what's missing.

kids growing up now will regard the pre-internet era as some kind of unimaginable dark age

hangovers are the body's way of saying "oh, by the way, that was poison." 

the future president of the united states shit his pants today and will definitely need a nap later.

all olympic events should save a spot for a random, average person so viewers can see how much better the athletes are than normal people

reddit to me is what the morning newspaper was for my dad. 

somewhere in china there's a factory that pumps out made in china stickers with smaller made in china stickers on them

shakespeare invented over 2000 words. i wonder were the audience ever just sat there with no idea what the actors were saying, really confused.

there should be a place where people with only one foot can connect with people of that are of only the other foot so that they can collaborate when

nothing makes you feel more emotions in less time than getting your finger stuck in a small hole and being unable to pull it out

pornhub should make a video where a old guy "falls into" an 18 year old girl 

i bet the medieval stretching torture device felt really good for the first few seconds.

as a retail employee, i can't think of a more cruel method of torture as listening to the same fifteen songs for fifty hours a week at an unreasonable

there should be a word for getting nostalgic about a video game, installing it, playing it for 10 minutes and getting bored because you've already

half the time when it says the video will start after an advertisement i decide, "meh, i don't really want to watch this video that much anyways" and

what if, like, all the ants declared war on us. we'd be fucked, right? 

the game 2048 will probably have a comeback in the year 2048 

today is like 4/20 for alcoholics 

the horse that was led to water but would not drink probably ended up being the same horse was that was beaten after it died.

lets say we send humans to another solar system after discovering a new technology, but it takes 100 years. then, 50 years later, eearth finds an even

the phrase "no one's left" means opposite things depending on if the contraction is for "is" or "has."

the floor is the only thing that i get more scared of the further away i am from it.

scrolling through facebook is just like scrolling through reddit 2 days ago. 

even if you managed to legitimately catch a ghost on camera, it's so easy to fake that nobody would ever believe you.

the reason i haven't met my soulmate is she's to busy smoking pot and browsing dank memes.

it seriously needs to be illegal for sound effects of emergency vehicle sirens to be played on radio commercials.

as most people are buried in suits, the zombie apocalypse would be a rather formal affair.

the "til" subreddit should really be called, "today i got stuck in a wiki loop and this is what i found

i have a fear that someone will break in my house while i'm pooping and i have to fight him without wiping.

smokers literally pay for cancer. 

a female cannibal has the ability to create her own food. 

the tallest person alive has been the same height as every single person in the world at one point.

the actor, sean bean should have to pronounce his name either 'seen been', or 'shawn bawn', he can't have it both ways.

being underwater is a cruel joke. you can fly, but you can't breathe. 

porn websites specialising in orgies should use .org instead of .com 

growing up in an anglican church, whenever somebody says "may the fourth be with you," i always want to say "and also with you"

stairs are actually just slopes at really low resolution 

rap is to poetry as graffiti is to calligraphy. 

in videogames, no one walks anywhere. in real life, no one sprints anywhere. 

the important thing is that bigfoot believes in himself 

urinals should have a screen showing how many ounces you've pissed along with high scores.

commitment is opening an ice cream container and throwing out the lid 

jesus backwards sounds like sausage. 

for me, all reddit posts are nsfw. because if i get caught browsing reddit at work i'll be fired.

pornhub's background is dark so that it doesn't hurt your eyes when you are browsing with the lights off.

fishing would be a lot less popular if fish had vocal cords. 

what we think smells like coffee is actually boogers and coffee. what we think smells like steak is steak and boogers. we smell boogers all day, every day,

facebook really needs an 'are you sure' confirmation screen before you can accidentally like someone's photos that are over a year old.

if kanye west were to win album of the year over beyonce, would he have to interrupt himself?

marry, fuck, kill could also be called treasure, pleasure, or an extreme measure

i always imagine the questions in askreddit are all from the same person. he seems nice but a little annoying.

it really bothers me that we pay sports stars millions of dollars each year but my goal of doing research to figure out causes and solutions to mental

getting mail as a child is infinitely more fun than getting mail as an adult. 

every time a celebrity dies, someone goes through their wikipedia article and change all of the 'is' phrases to 'was'.

i always thought jokes about germans were exaggerated, until i spent 30 minutes to explain the concept of knock knock jokes to my german dad

a man's wife is also his ex-girlfriend. 

i wonder how often i’ve narrowly avoided death without even noticing. 

if i tell others i'll teach my sons to respect women, i sound like a nice guy. if i say i'll teach my daughters to respect men, i sound like a

there are no female minions because they reproduce asexually. the 2-eyed minions are in the process of mitosis.

everyone pointing out for years that leo hasn't won an oscar was more of a recognition of his talent than the actual oscar.

we never wash our belts, but they are the first thing we touch after wiping our butts.

hogwarts should have a muggle teacher, to teach about electricity and such. 

the terrorist attacks of september 11th are closer time wise to the fall of the berlin wall than they are to today.

intentionally losing at rock paper scissors is just as hard as trying to win 

a vagina's purpose is to squeeze the life out of a penis 

if a ghost is trying to kill you, does he want you as a friend? 

google earth should have a nighttime feature so you can see different cities' night life.

halloween is the best day to break out of prison. 

buttplugs are reverse pacifiers. 

when someone says 'ten years ago' my immediate thought is not 2005... 

we live in a world with self driving cars able to talk across oceans in milliseconds and sending people into space yet vending machines still can't

microwaves should have a stealth mode to disable all alarms and button noises. 

if you put a hat on the ground, its like the earth is wearing a really tiny hat.

you can't change the volume of the voice inside your head, you can however change the pitch and tone

when an alarm goes off, its actually turning on. 

there should be a universal word which politely means "sorry, i don't speak your language".

a fine is just a mandatory bribe. 

marvel should make a documentary on stan lee and have all his characters make cameos

the first person to chop a onion probably thought they were going blind. 

a romantic comedy movie where a woman is sent back in time to aid 18yo adolf hitler pass into the academy of fine arts vienna to prevent the holocaust.

someone, at some point in history had to look at a beehive and think: "i know those little bastards are hiding something good."

we're all internet explorers. 

in the future, our kids will ask us why we say "there's plenty of fish in the sea".

a "zombie apocalypse" is actually a human apocalypse and is technically a zombie genesis

watching scooby doo growing up made me think that losing my glasses would be a much more frequent and severe problem in life

all those rappers that bought huge gold chains in the 80's and 90's actually made pretty prudent investments.

netflix needs a shuffle button for those shows that i don't care which episode i watch.

when i talk to someone on the phone, my voice is traveling faster than sound. 

i'm from california and i can't take a long enough shower to have shower thoughts

a set of red, yellow, and green lights have more authority than i ever will. 

when translated, "the los angeles angels" literally means "the the angels angels".

sarah connor was the very first victim of cyber-bullying. 

when i was young, i was terrified of ending up middle-aged and alone. now i am and it's fucking awesome!

in the universe of the movie "cars," rental cars could be considered prostitutes

it's such a cliche in movies and tv but i don't think i've ever been in an elevator that actually had music playing.

everyone on reddit has the same voice as me. 

how attractive i feel changes a lot from day to day, week to week, but i probably look exactly the same to everyone else.

the term "manhood" could be a nickname for foreskin. 

instead of playing monopoly, rich kids should play a game called philanthropy, where they learn how to responsibly give away money.

every year maddam tussaud sculptures get better. what if this is not because they get better at making them, but because our celebrities are gradually

i'm going to be dead longer than i'm going to live 

when i move my body, i am literally moving matter with my mind. 

millions of drops of rain pounding on a roof is soothing while a single drop of water dripping from a faucet becomes extremely irritating.

beds are chargers for humans 

the number 92 kind of looks like a person on their hands and knees. 

we need a rival planet. 

i wonder if unemployed people get annoyed at nsfw tags 

a haiku consists of three stanzas that follow a pattern of 5/7/5. if you divide five by seven and then by five, you get 0.142857142857. this number,

as a kid, getting too big for your clothes is exciting and good. as an adult, it’s depressing and awful.

slight [nsfw] i wish all of my body parts would grow twice as big and strong when i need to use them just like my penis does.

giving birth was probably a piece of cake for mrs incredible 

i wish someone was as protective with me as fast food places are of their dipping sauces

a fired bullet is called a 'slug' because it doesn't have it's shell anymore. 

if reincarnation is real, suicide would be a temporary solution to a permanent problem

people who get quotes tattooed should add a footnote and get the source tattooed on their feet.

life is just a constant battle between wanting a six pack and wanting a six pack.

my stomach probably thinks i'm an amazing hunter. 

i have been a pizza deliveryman for 72 hours. so far, exactly zero sexy babysitters have answered the door. i feel like i've been cheated, somehow.

using your phone without a case is like having sex without a condom - it's risky but feels amazing.

if you peed in zero gravity, the stream would go in a perfectly straight line, allowing you to target fellow astronauts from a considerable distance.

if microsoft keeps naming new versions of windows with the next higher number, eventually they'll get up to windows 95 again.

a ship the size of the death star must usually have thousands of exhaust ports. designing it to have only one is a technical marvel, not a design flaw.

i have no problem buying a single can ok coke for $1, but i debate if the $5 for the 12 pack is really worth it

letting jesus take the wheel doesn't seem like that smart of an idea when you remember he's over 2,000 years old and doesn't have a driver's license.

it would be amazingly terrifying if animals waged war against each other like humans do. you'd wake up, get a cup of coffee and look out your window and say

when deaf people are talking with sign language, i feel like i'm the deaf one that can't hear them.

my life is extremely similar to rihanna's song, just work work work, and the rest of it i can't really understand.

sometimes i wonder how many strangers i saw last year are now dead. 

isn't it weird that war is literally just a concept of "we can't come to a logical solution so we're just going to try to kill all of your people"

my clothes have been to countries i have never been to. 

i wonder if i've ever seen a conception while watching porn. 

i'm more conscious of citing my references on reddit than i ever was about citing sources for my papers in high school and college

my parents taught me not to eat everything you see in nature. the first lesson i will teach my kids is that you don't click on every link you see on the

legally "space" begins 100 kilometres above sea level on earth, which means we're never more than 100km, give or take a few, from space our entire

cars with automatic braking would suck in a zombie apocalypse 

when my tongue is burned from drinking hot beverages i realize how much i underappreciate the time my tongue is not burned

britain is the leeroy jenkins of europe right now. 

so much public money goes into sports stadiums we need separation of sport and state

maybe the reason we haven't been visited by anyone from the future is because the human race is wiped out before we develop time travel.

fat people have more skin than skinny people. shouldn't 'skinny' be a term used to describe fat people?

if the phrase "you are what you eat" applies to the entire food chain then we are all just shit and sunlight.

when i lie on the ground looking up at the sky i am facing out at the universe with the entire planet behind me.

on the bright side, tanning beds are slowly killing the right people. 

i've learned more about david bowie in the past 24 hours, than i have in my whole life.

when a blind woman tells her boyfriend that she is seeing someone, it could either be really terrible news or really great news.

the divide symbol ÷ represents numerator over denominator. the dots are placeholders.

can the pope bless all the water in the world or does he have an effective blessing range to make it holy water?

saying you're on tinder to "find friends" is like saying you're going to a crackhouse to buy aspirin.

i wonder if i've ever eaten an egg that came from a chicken i ate. 

the only reason celebrities always say people should "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage who were actually successful.

throughout all my years working construction, i've never once used a piece of construction paper.

it just dawned on me; characters in movies are always watching really old movies because those movies don't require a royalty fee anymore.

if we found out that pollution was negatively affecting internet speed, the air would get so clean so fast

every time you take the garbage out it's like the house is taking a shit. 

in movies why doesn't the villain spray paint all the bomb wires black 

snapchat videos should have the option of putting a nsfw tag on them so i know whether or not i can open them in public.

with 7 billion people, getting laid is statistically the easiest it's ever been in the history of the world. yet i'm still home alone. in my boxers. on

9gag, buzzfeed, unilad, and facebook are all screwed tomorrow 

dating a girl as tall as you helps correct your body and neck posture. 

how shitty do you think that one kid in airbud felt when he got replaced by a dog in the championship game?

there's no louder sound than the crunch of something you are not supposed to be eating.

i wonder if anyone else gets annoyed that facebook videos get bigger when you click on them instead of pausing.

i wonder if humanity is in the first or second half of its existence 

if a woman had a one-night stand with a different man every week, people would make jokes about her vagina being loose from overuse. if a different woman was

why aren't anal cream pies called moonpies 

if a car lives a successful life, it will never touch another car. 

there is absolutely no reason for the alphabet to be in the order it's in. 

because of tinder, it's easier for me to meet women on my toilet than at a bar.

at some point in the future paralympics will be better than olympics due of biotechnology

a swimmingpool is basically a ball pit, only with very small balls. 

will smith has one of the most generic white guy names ever 

are medusa's pubes snakes? 

if you buy a new physical copy of a book you should be able to enter a code into a nook or kindle to be able to read it on those devices for free.

we all know there is a secret service, which means there isn't a secret service.

england have managed to exit the euro twice in one week. 

there is probably an actual person named jake who works at state farm, and he probably hears a joke about it every single day.

today was the most important day in somebody's life, and all i did was browse reddit.

taking medicine when you're sick is essentially your body electing to hire mercenaries to fight the war for you.

i can't remember the last time world peace was talked about except in a beauty competition.

never in my entire life have i been naked for 24 hours straight. 

i wish i could swipe away content i've seen so that it doesn't reappear on my homepage of the reddit app. that way i wouldn't have to keep seeing the same

as wolverine, hugh jackman is a huge, jacked man. 

the beginning of "tomorrow" and the end of "yesterday" make "today". 

frozen is the first time disney on ice makes any sense. 

the third hand on a clock is called the second hand. 

most of the sky is actually below you 

we should put poison in pizza sauce, and the antidote in the crust. so we can weed out the people who don't eat the crust and finish them once and for all.

in toystory, at what stage during manufacture do the toys become alive. 

mowing the lawn is basically just shaving the earth's face. 

i'm one of those that think that 1995 is 10 years ago but now 2004 is 10 years ago

if you were to learn the english language by watching tv cop shows, you might think that "freeze!" means "run!"

i've considered acting like a sociopath for awhile just to see what people would do...then i realized that's something a sociopath would do.

if you steal a pen from a bank you just robbed a bank. 

the word "girls" is 10x dirtier on a neon sign. 

centaurs have two rib cages. 

to the guy that invented zero, thanks for nothing 

sleeping is cool. it's like being dead without the commitment. 

dollar bills don't have dollar signs on them. 

computers should allow an alternative password that unlocks your computer but also closes all open windows.

the most common animal in zoos is humans 

i like how "as fuck" is a common unit of measurement. 

in star wars: a new hope, when the rebels are describing the size of the target area they specifically say "two meters wide" to avoid using the

over the past 39 years i've watched all the star wars movies and i just realized that i have no idea why the rebellion is rebelling other than the

if nudity were socially acceptable, pubic hair styling could be a legitimate profession

what if in 100 years, people say "google it" as a way of telling someone to search for information and nobody knows why.

when you look at a picture of the earth - all the green you see is plants. that's a fuckload of plants.

the plot of "this is the end, part ii" should be that the interview came out and north korea actually nuked us.

companies like coke and visa will immediately cut ties with celebrities who cheat on their wives or say something hateful, but they're hesitant when it

what facebook really needs in their settings is an "ignore all game requests" setting.

its amazing how potatoes give us chips, french fries and vodka. get your shit together, every other vegetable

if an alien came up to me one day and said “take me to your leader”, i would have no idea how to accomplish that.

(rich) humans are becoming elves - low birthrates, long lifespans, and magic-like technology

if every cigarette takes 5 mins off my life, but i spend 10 mins enjoying it, then i'm still operating at a net gain.

movie theaters should have a headphone jack so i can bring noise cancelling headphones and adjust my own volume.

i would sacrifice my life in a heartbeat to save my wife, but i won't take out the fucking trash

they should make a movie about the spanish inquisition and release it without announcing or advertising it beforehand.

what if the cure for autism turns out to be a vaccine? 

getting a ticket is like retroactively purchasing a permit to do something illegal

we have the best quality microphones and speakers for leisure, but places like airports which make important announcements seem to use awful equipment.

the rule, "there are exceptions to every rule" is the only rule without exception, making itself the exception to the rule.

i haven't heard of any bigfoot sightings in awhile. i hope he is ok 

i've never seen an angel depicted with a moustache. 

growing up and becoming 'mature' essentially boils down to your capacity to cope with the imperfections of the world and the fact that life isn't

the way floyd mayweather ran away from pacquiao to avoid being punched and beaten, i wonder if he now understands what its like to be married to floyd

we should put the "american" first. american-african, american-european, american-asian. in no time we'll get tired of adding the second part and just

the term "space bar" sounds like something way cooler than it actually is. 

waiting phone times would be a lot less boring if you were connected to another random person waiting.

i should start a chik-fila black market operating only on sundays 

"it guy" is the most vague, but common, job title that people accept universally at face value.

i'm awed that two servings of pasta can be made, packaged, shipped thousands of miles, bought and resold to me for $0.18 each. yet one stamp is $0.49.

usually while watching how its made i wonder how the machines are made that make the product.

if the usa were a gritty drama on hbo or netflix, we'd all be complaining about how unrealistic this latest season has been.

sociopaths would be better at customer service because they're used to faking empathy and other emotions.

charles manson was able to get married while in prison. i can't even find dates for friday nights.

if a million of us picked a certain redditor and followed them on social media, we would have the power to make someone famous

the "mac" in mac and cheese is a perfect acronym for mac and cheese. 

ex-girlfriends should be called near mrs. 

the only correct answer to "are you sleeping?" is "no." 

if the regulars at /r/relationships took over /r/mechanicadvice, they'd tell everyone to junk their cars.

the snooze button on your phone should get smaller and smaller each time your press it

when someone claims to be constipated, they are full of shit whether they are telling the truth or lying.

hearing someone was 'hacked' doesn't strike fear the way it would have 100 years ago.

i wonder if when i pat a rhythm on my dog, he knows i'm making a beat or if he just thinks i'm super bad at petting him?

the word "verb" is a noun. 

before cameras, no-one had ever seen themselves with their eyes closed. 

the entire spectrum of human skin color can be found on toast. 

in my head, you all have the exact same voice as me. 

if jesus had died today, he probably would have been the subject of many memes just like harambe

the written question "what was the last thing you read?" always has the same answer.

everyone can speak telepathically, but no one knows how to listen 

family guy is mostly seth macfarlane talking to himself. 

idea for a gay bar name: members only 

i'm more likely to get a virus from porn than sex. 

there should be a dog toy hidden inside each dog food bag just like there were toys in cracker jack boxes.

why are all dildos circumcised? 

i'm drunk at the end of every year and drunk at the beginning of ever year. 

the notion that a ghosts moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex but later denied having heard or made the noise..

paying off your credit card bill is like sending your money back in time. 

you don't feel old until scrolling to your year of birth takes too damn long 

soon all background actors are just going to be staring at their phones to make it more believable

if my nose was on upside down, i'd drown while taking this shower. 

what if a symptom of ebola is the desire to travel. 

it's weird that universal's logo is just the earth. 

if you spell "strap-on" backwards, it spells "no parts" 

facebook has made me realize that if could read people's minds, i would probably kill myself.

any machine is a smoke machine if you use it wrongly. 

oedipus didn't actually have an oedipus complex; he didn't know the woman he was sleeping with was his mother, and he was disgusted when he found out.

i'm close with my best friend so i describe her as my "sister." i'm close with my sister so i refer to her as my "best friend."

pressing on your feet relieves the pain from pressing on your feet 

if humans share 50-60



more banana than others? 

you know what would be funny? if a giant monster movie turned out to be a power rangers movie at the very end.

xbox one sounds like the president's xbox 

the human body is able to convert pizza into high fives 

what if your dog brings you the same toy because he thinks that it is your favorite toy? and when you throw it, he brings it back because he is thinking

if you marry someone from a criminal family, your in-laws are outlaws. 

are two icicles a bicycle? 

multiplayer videogames are just really elaborate thumb wrestling matches. 

a fat girl bragging about boob size is like an unemployed person bragging about having the day off

when you're pregnant you have to drink virgin drinks. 

congress should be paid minimum wage. 

if my father masturbated once more or once less in his entire life up until my conception, i would never have been born.

reckless driving is a bad thing. wreckless driving is a good thing 

a mute super villain would be unstoppable 

since dogs live shorter lives than humans, maybe their sense of time is different and that's why they are so excited to see you whenever you come

father's day is a celebration of motherfuckers. 

i'd much rather have gordon ramsay yell at me to f*ck off than have him disappointingly look down at my food and say "what a shame."

hand sanitizer should be renamed small cut finder. 

between pens and lighters, bic is making a fortune off of people losing their products..

cinderella must have had some fucked up feet if her slipper didn't fit anyone else's foot in town.

if leonardo dicaprio did an ama would no one give him gold to keep this joke going?

when i make fried chicken, i am rubbing a corpse with the embryos of its own offspring.

condoms are for pussies. 

the big bang was the uncompressing of zip file. 

premarital sex was forbidden in the bible because brides were regularly younger than 13.

christian grey is just quagmire with money. 

that feeling i got whenever i would look at my grades, i now get whenever i look at my bank account

if men at work and men without hats formed a super group, they would be a potential osha violation.

facebook has to be the greenest app because 99



the deadpool post-credits scene should just be wade eating schwarma with cardboard cutouts of the x-men.

describing something as "military grade" often makes it sound better unless it's food

reddit is hotel california. 

passwords are like secret finger dances. 

"right, left" answers to the question "left, right?" 

a lifetime supply of mcdonalds is actually pretty short. 

now that finding food is no longer an issue, humans spend their whole lives doing things to not be bored.

they call it a beaver (vagina) because it eats wood (penis) 

i hate that obligatory feeling i get when i use a public restroom and have to clean someone else's piss off the toilet seat just so the person using the

ten-year-old me thought having all 50 of the us state quarters would be much cooler than it actually was.

i served kevin bacon in a restaurant once. everyone i've ever met since then is at minimum two degrees of separation from kevin bacon

if you break the laws of man,you go to jail.if you break the laws of god,you go to hell.if you break the laws of physics,you go to sweden and get the nobel

i'm not afraid of death, i'm afraid that i'll miss tons of cool stuff after i die and that people will be sad when i die.

it's risky to buy soda right after an earthquake 

why do the ninja turtles wear masks they're the only giant turtles around. *my 5yo asked me this*

everything man-made that exists was once just an idea. 

if humans had three legs, we'd call sandals flip-flap-flops 

as a kid, doing nothing was a punishment. as an adult, doing nothing is a reward.

i wonder how many people's heartbeats are perfectly in sync right now? 

maybe the reason why we don't see time travelers is because humans didn't live long enough to build time machines.

fallout's 's.p.e.c.i.a.l' system probably doesn't make much sense if you play the game in any language other than english.

when i drop an ice cube, my first thought is to kick it under the fridge instead of picking it up

i can't wait till 2020 so i can wear those new year's eve glasses and continuously make the joke about 20-20 vision.

did the voice in my head age with me, or have my thoughts always sounded like this?

doors are just really short tunnels. 

jars of salsa should be designed with bowl lids that can be screwed back on without a mess, like laundry detergent caps.

celebrities should adopt pets from shelters and then offload them onto normal people who would take them because they were previously owned by a celebrity.

i've never seen a plus sized male model 

debit cards are the reason i haven't found money on the ground in a really long time.

a failure rate of 0.0000005 doesn't sound so bad until you have a dead pixel 

growing up, everyone tells you to chase your dreams. once you become an adult everyone tells you to be realistic.

if the queen of england reaches 100 years old she'll have to write a letter of congratulations to herself.

apple automatically updates to latest version - nobody bats an eyelid. microsoft does it and everyone loses their mind.

secretly knowing a language that a group of people speak but they think you don't, is almost like having the power to read minds

if instagram hadn't taken its name, "instagram" may have ended up as a marijuana delivery service

when i was younger i was always "goose" in duck, duck, goose. i now realise it's because i was the fat kid.

a papercut is a tree's last revenge. 

human beings are the most intelligent and complex organisms in the known universe. they're often made by accident.

normally in scooby-doo shaggy runs side-by-side with scooby, great danes run at 48 kph. technically, shaggy is the fastest man alive.

there are a certain number of people that are the same age as you. that number can get smaller but it can never get bigger.

whenever i look at nature, i still find it amazing we were able to turn those raw items into hdtvs, smart phones and other technology.

if i date a homeless girl, i can just drop her off anywhere after the date 

if they'd made the galaxy note 7 with a removable battery, samsung would still have a viable product on their hands instead of a total loss.

people that think eve was made from adam's rib and are against stem cells don't really understand what's going on.

words ending in "-us" are pluralized with "-i", but the plural of the word "i" is "us."

you become a grown-up the moment you wish you were still a kid 

in poland, every dancer is a pole-dancer 

smith is such a common name because in medieval times the smiths probably spent their time smithing instead of fighting wars, so they survived to

if i were a judge, every time someone finished speaking in court i'd yell "well i'll be the judge of that."

they better put emergency alert signals on netflix, because nobody is going to see them on tv anymore.

kanye west should make a "the best of kanye west" album and put all of his songs on it.

they need to make phones fully waterproof so we can start pushing people into pools again.

oh my god. arby's. like r.b.s. like roast beefs 

adam and eve got an apple and regretted its terms and conditions. 

i wonder if anyone ever fake sneezes in front of the pope. 

i wonder how many flies have been trapped in a car, then traveled hundreds of miles, got out and thought "the fuck..where am i?"

what if earth is the north korea of the galaxy? 

when you're home alone, you're not afraid of being alone; you're scared of not being alone.

none of us would be here today if our fathers had not masterbated the exact number of times they did before we were conceived

instead of asking for "gender" or "sex" on forms and such, why not just change the category to a chromosomal option, e.g. "xx"/"xy", so we can all be done

we ask google questions, we get yahoo answers. 

it's irrelevant when the time machine is invented. 

if you have sex with 20 people who all weigh 50kgs or more each, you have actually slept with "a ton of people".

it's going to be super weird when there are like 45 year old comments on youtube

in limbo, if you set the bar low, you are really setting the bar high. 

superman shouldn't have any muscles because nothing on earth is heavy enough to give him a workout.

cinnamon is really just delicious sawdust. 

i wonder if i'll struggle with future technology the way my grandma struggles with her tv remote

i want my kid's middle name to be "withawhy" just to mess with people's spelling.

downvotes should move a post up in /r/dadjokes. 

i wonder how many miles of toilet paper i've wiped my ass with in my life 

when you think your job sucks, remember that the aarp has an it tech support team.

the level of how close you feel to someone is directly correlated to how much silence you are okay with having with them.

erectile dysfunction is a growing problem. 

the only difference between a revolution and a civil war is who wins. 

does an inside-out bag contain the universe? 

facebook is a pokedex for humans. 

giving out candy on halloween is like paying protection money to a child mafia so they won't vandalize your house.

when our generation becomes old, retirement homes will become the ultimate lan party!

if 9/11 happened a day earlier, it would making judging competitions very awkward on a regular basis.

i'll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace 

saying "edit: thanks for the gold stranger," is like an action hero looking back at the explosion. it just ruins it.

yelling "fuck" during sex is like yelling "hockey" while playing a game of hockey.

today's date (2-20-2016) sounds like it's stuttering 

i bet clapping was invented by the first guy nobody wanted to high five. 

confidence is throwing away the ben &amp; jerrys pint topper before you've taken the first bite.

in gta, everyone drives with their doors unlocked despite high crime rates 

sign language done by a really tired person must seem like a really thick accent thats hard to understand.

mary was the first one who yelled "jesus!" out of anger. 

"don't kid yourself" would be an appropriate slogan to promote safe sex 

kids who see c:\&gt; on a computer screen today are going to automatically turn their heads sideways to figure out what emoticon it's supposed to be.

pregnant women are real life spawn points. 

"can i speak to your manager?" is the adult equivalent of "i'm telling!" 

if you don’t reproduce, you are breaking a 4 billion year old family tradition.

/r/showerthoughts charity: water campaign 

when i move my body, i am literally moving matter with my mind. 

in movies with space battles, don't you find it coincidental that when the ships approach each other, they are both the "same way up?" the odds are

when you drink a bottle of whisky both you and the bottle end up drunk by the other.

i correct autocorrect more times than autocorrect corrects me 

about every 15 minutes, there is a wave of people being woken up by alarms. 5 minutes later another wave of slightly less motivated individuals wakes up for

amazon should have a button that tells them "i'm done looking for items like these" after you found one and bought it

blaming snowden for causing distrust in government is like blaming a fire alarm for starting a fire.

when someone says "you clean up nice," it means they didn't want to have sex with you before, but now they do.

if you adopt a house pet that is blind, you should name it "roomba". 

why don't we take all of the "forever alone" girls from tumblr, and match them with "forever alone" guys from reddit?

have you ever stopped paying attention in class, realized you stopped paying attention and started focusing so hard on paying attention you're not paying

imagine the kids at the same orphanage as stuart little. a mouse was chosen over them.

i have a small tentacle in my mouth that helps me eat. 

if service dogs knew that they wear signs that say "don't pet me" all day they'd get really upset.

perhaps jokes that humans find funny and jokes that crickets find funny are mutually exclusive.

i wish movies and shows had a separate volume level for vocals, special effects, and music, like video games.

using swype keyboards is like texting in cursive. 

if were ever on naked and afraid, i would try to pay the editors to use an extra huge blur censor between my legs.

"i should go, i have to work in the morning." is the adult version of "it's my bedtime."

humans are weird. we invented the helmet so we could keep doing the things that were wrecking our heads.

the world is not getting dumber.it's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard.

can vampires read, or do all the lowercase t's make it impossible? 

what if aliens visited earth during the jurassic period, found it to be occupied with a bunch of mean, giant lizards and thought "well, fuck this

wallets are just pockets we put in our pockets. 

strippers are basically naked beggars 

most people die with a negative k/d. 

"well, i never!" is just grandma's version of "what the fuck?" 

now disney owns marvel and star wars, there's no legal obstacle to a jedi avenger.

why does no one refer to a one-night-stand as a humpty dumpty? 

sirens and horns should be illegal in radio commercials 

two days ago i was 17, next year i'll be 20. only people born on december, 31st can make this claim.

when we drop our phones, we panic. when our friends fall to the ground, we laugh.

like the proton or neutron, the crouton literally means "small particle of bread crust"

they should release an album of all the photos bender took whenever he said "neat" and snapped away.

when you kill a cockroach and put it in the trashcan it's kinda like sending it to their version of heaven

every human who has ever lived has seen the same sun and moon. 

saturday night live should do an episode of celebrity jeopardy where the real alex trebek plays will ferrell as a contestant.

shoes are just a floor you take with you. 

formerly obese people should be allowed to donate skin to burn victims free of charge.

5 grams of weed should be called a high five. 

if we discover that plants can actually feel what happens to them we are gonna owe a huge apology to grass.

in 150 years facebook will be the world's largest online memorial page. 

when you are 20 you put the empty bottles of booze you drank up as a trophy. when you are 30 you hide them before anyone sees them.

if oxygen was to just suddenly disappear from earths atmosphere, sick patients on oxygen would wonder why everyone just died.

bathtubs are just reverse boats... 

most indians and other asians in the world of harry potter would have a harder time casting spells due to their accents.

i want to start a creative writing class for convicts and call it, "prose and cons"

a tissue fetish would be extremely convenient. 

a million quarters is a quarter million 

i wonder how many women lining up to see 50 shades of grey are the same women who get pissed if their husbands watch porn?

"nice guys finish last" is actually pretty sound sexual advice 

there will probably be an immortal mouse before there is an immortal human. 

now that i'm in college, my curfew is whenever my phone runs out of battery. 

finding a worm in an apple has not proven to be as common of an occurrence as i thought it would be as a child.

companies should make more interesting 5 second adverts as i'm going to skip them on youtube anyway.

it'd probably only take a few thousand generations of selective breeding to turn a squid into a fully functioning inkjet printer.

ya know all of those bad guys who went to jail at the end of all of those 80's and 90's action-comedy movies? most of them would be out of jail by now.

i procrastinate because i am stressed. i am stressed because i procrastinate. 

high schools should have a "how to adult" class, where students learn how to do taxes, resumes, and other essential adult things.

every saturday i grudgingly mow my lawn. to me, mowing the lawn is a chore. to the ants, grass and other wildlife that have made a home on my property, i am

i never appreciate how painless it is to swallow until i have strep. 

it's kinda scary to think that 100,000 years from now, most of our important historical events will be a blip on a timeline in a child's school book.

children are like guns: i think i'd like to have one of my own but i don't like when others have theirs out around me in public.

iwatch is useless since you could bend the iphone 6 around your wrist. 

if two mind readers read each other's mind, whose mind are they reading? 

even though "up" and "down" are opposites, the phrases "i'm up for it" and "i'm down for it" mean the same thing

someone should make fauxfu. a tofu substitute made out of meat, for people who want to pretend they are vegetarian but still eat meat.

being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever 

mexico upside down is wexico. 

if i had an identical twins that was 5 minutes younger than me, i'd constantly tell them "when i was your age i..." then proceed to tell them what i was

lord farquaad should have picked snow white, because having another dwarf around would be anything but abnormal to her.

if both arms were on one side of the body, t-shirts would be called f-shirts 

what if the eagles in lord of the rings are regular size and everyone else is just really small?

when i was a kid, i wished i could read people’s minds. and in a monkey’s paw twist, my wish was horribly granted with facebook.

whether a vacuum is on or off, it's always collecting dust. 

you are a brain, sitting inside an armoured cockpit, piloting a bone mecha. 

the idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds.

when marijuana becomes legalized, there's going to be a lot of confused police dogs.

the guy on superman who said "look, up in the sky! it's a bird!" seriously overreacted.

"the wolverine" is canadian and his super power is free healthcare 

a batman vs ironman movie would be the most realistic superhero movie ever made if done properly.

if your pocket was jingling with coins 200 years ago you were likely a rich man, now if you have change filled pockets you are likely a poor man.

there should've been a bond film in 2007. 

older people used to tell us not to believe everything we see on the internet. now they take everything on their facebook feed as pure historical

restaurants like to advertise "home made" while at home people are complimented with "restaurant quality".

i don't like the fact that my body can kill me. 

facebook should have a «i am into you» button, with the other person finding out only if she also clicked on «i am into you» for you too.

the south park episode about jared wanting to give the kids aids has a very different meaning now.

every time you've rushed to try and to catch a flight, there's been two strangers sitting in your row hoping you don't make it.

i really like the thought of going to a city where nobody knows my name or anything about me

in the future, earth day will probably be a day to remember earth. 

we humans are so social that when we're alone for a while we almost-unconsciously start conversing with ourselves.

with so many people in the world, every time a microwave counts down to zero, it's counting down to the end of someone's life.

"pics or it didn't happen" is the criminal defense for us police officers 

the wright brothers were indirectly responsible for 9/11 

i'd say about 95

wasn't 

the older generation probably invented the internet to keep young people indoors and off their lawns. it worked. smart bastards.

the most realistic part of the age of ultron was when ultron decided to destroy humanity after spending some time on the internet.

"solo" cups are ironically associated with mass social gatherings and parties 

what if things we see in gray, are actually just colors we cannot see? 

there's nothing you can say to a guy who's been struck by lightning multiple times to convince him that his chances of getting hit again are the same as

the final die hard movie should be titled "old habits die hard" 

when someone finally invents a hoverboard, they won't be able to call it that because the name is already taken by those dumb ass sideways skateboards

it's kinda odd that marijuana legality progresses in such a way that it is accepted as beneficial for ill people before its considered safe for healthy

/r/kansas should be the subreddit for arkansas. 

every time i feel unexpected pain, i wonder if my descendants got hit so hard that their ancestors could feel it.

if there were no sentient beings in the universe, would it really exist? 

my constant cell phone use probably confuses the hell out of my dog. 

if john hammond really had "spared no expense" you'd think he'd have hired more than one it guy for jurassic park.

i wonder how many people have to go to work every day for me to live my life how i live. there must be a huge network of people that is like a domino

if i had known how much i would like reddit i would have put more effort into my user name

when i try to picture the early 1900s in my mind it's always in black and white

at the store i can exchange legal tender for chicken tender 

this generation's kids will grow up thinking the guy on newman's own salad dressing is just another fictional mascot

we only have a few minutes to live, but breathing resets the timer. 

ice cubes float in their own blood 

if you are to throw up sushi, it will be more cooked than when you ate it. 

judging by the state of public restrooms, potty training is a giant failure. 

kanye should stop comparing himself to god. god doesn't even write his own verses.

i've never seen a "tunnel of love" ride in real life. 

since the popularity of cell phones, it became a lot more socially acceptable to hang out by yourself in a parking lot.

you know you're adult when you have the freedom to eat ice cream for breakfast..... but you choose not to.

quitting smoking is like getting paid not to smoke. 

it's not that surpsing that meowing at cats elicits a surprised response. imagine if a cat walked by and said something random like,

what if your pillow collected your dreams and then you could plug it into your laptop and watch them again

never gonna give you up is probably the most viewed but least watched video of all time.

canada is 50



when browsing reddit, curiosity always drives me to click on nsfw links, no matter how odd the title is.

they should attach go-pro's to all the jockey's in the grand national and then people at home could select which horse to watch during the race

as a plumber i am genuinely confused by the porn industry's misconception of my profession's sex appeal.

"up", when rotated 180 degrees, looks like "dn". 

"are you as bored as i am?" can be said backwards and still make sense. 

maybe man created god in his image. 

there should be a "kickstarter" style website for funding scientific research and initiatives.

if a minor goes to a store and accidentally breaks a bottle of alcohol they can't pay for it

cinderella costumes should be breakaways you can pull off at midnight to reveal her tattered normal clothes.

wolverine is the least polite of the x-men, despite the fact he is canadian. 

when a picture is more pixelated it actually has less pixels. 

4am is weird because its too early for morning people, and too late for night people

in highschool i wondered how long people would date until sex. in college i wonder how long people have sex until they date...

maybe the reason the webmd diagnosis of your symptoms is always worst case scenario is to get people to actually go to the doctor instead of just self

why don't toothpaste companies make a drowsy toothpaste so when you brush before bed it helps you sleep?

nothing screws up your friday like realizing it's tuesday. 

i don't think i've ever confidently used a semicolon in my life. 

pouring something is just controlled spilling. 

i'd pay an exorbitant amount of money to have my back window light up with led lettering certain phrases to other drivers like "get off your phone fuckface"

as a kid i would brag about staying up past 11. as an adult i brag about getting to sleep before 11.

middle class probably has the best hygiene, considering they're neither dirt poor nor filthy rich

the asshole is the nipple of the butt. showing boob is not nudity unless the nipple is exposed; likewise, asses are not extremely pornographic unless the

theme parks can take a clear photo of you on a moving roller coaster, but stores can't take a clear picture of a robber standing still..

i will never be able to seriously google, "can jet fuel melt steel beams?" and look for a real, scientific analysis of the question.

i wish tabasco had a fine mist spray top, instead of a single hole that scatters splooches of flavor patches on my eggs.

can't a knight in dirty armor be just as, if not more, heroic than a knight in shining armor? in fact, a knight in shining armor probably didn't do much

winnie the pooh stars two kangaroos and a rabbit, yet the tiger is the one known for bouncing

as a kid the movie groundhog day seemed utterly unrealistic. as an adult working the same 9-5 for years it's the most realistic snapshot of life i've

i spend so much time and money keeping my body alive and the only thing i get in return is shit.

the female version of cock blocking should be called beaver damming. 

i should start a magizine called alzhiemers weekly were the same magizine is published every week.

i only refer to flavors of gatorade by their colors. 

santa claus goes down chimneys. claustrophobia is being afraid of enclosed spaces

i miss being able to sit up without making sound effects. 

i have yet to hear of an ovation that was of the non-standing variety. 

in the usa, it's 100x cheaper to take an uber to the hospital instead of an ambulance.

saying "mhm" or "yeah" in conversation is the real life version of pressing a to skip through a character's dialogue in a videogame.

"magic johnson" is the perfect name for someone who has had hiv for almost a quarter-century yet appears to be completely healthy

at a certain age, halloween stops being about candy and starts being about eye candy.

up until you died, being a taste tester for the king probably wasn't that bad of a job

"i try to stay humble" is the humble way of saying "i'm very humble" 

it’s officially that annoying time of year where it’s sweater weather in the morning but by mid-day you die of heatstroke.

if earphones keep getting tangled and shoelaces keep getting untangled, why don't we use earphones as shoelaces and shoelaces as earphones?

whoever the first person was to try honey had to be really hungry. 

"up/dn" is the same when read upside down 

in my 20s i thought therapists were for unstable people. in my 30s i think they're for stable people.

i don't like bumping into anyone i know in public because i hate jumping into character.

if people on the show "cribs" had the same amount of stuff but smaller houses, they would be on the show "hoarders"

stephen hawking should change his voice to siri for halloween 

there should be a porn star named dwayne "the cock" johnson 

we say as kids we think $1,000 is a lot of money and as adults realize it isn't. i'm an adult and when i'm broke, $1000 would in fact be a lot of money

theres no "d" in refrigerator but theres a "d" in fridge? 

we take a lot more photos of attractive people than unattractive; so the general attractiveness of our society will be skewed historically.

3 out of 5 stars is good. 6/10 is okay. 60



everybody knows about the secret service. 

when an nsfw link takes longer than a few seconds to load, i start to think i was given a chance to back out and not see what ever horrible thing the link

those "please disable adblock" messages are just ads for ads. 

it's 7:45 on october 3rd and i just saw a christmas commercial and i am not sure how i feel about that.

even if an ad is about a product i'm interested in, i'll still google the product instead of clicking on the ad because i don't trust them.

maybe things like breaking mirrors and walking under ladders are just considered bad luck because they're dangerous.

in 100 years, facebook will have profiles for an entire generation of dead people.

if there were only two people left on earth and they got into a fight, that would probably be considered a world war.

pandas are alive because of pity. 

daredevil is a blind superhero whose superpower is that he can see. 

i'm one of the people who actually likes the song 'never gonna give you up', so whenever i get rickrolled instead of being mad, i'm unexpectedly happy,

there should be a game where you have to light the candles on your birthday cake and blow them out before the group can finish singing 'happy

the first president of the moon might have already been born. 

when i was little, my parents used to wait until i was asleep to watch shows that were inappropriate for me. now that i'm an adult visiting family, i wait

there are 7 billion people on the planet. if everyone is awake for 16 hours per day, then every three years, humanity collectively experiences a period of

i have never seen a advertisement for candy corn. ever 

the man who submitted the world record for smallest dick has the biggest balls.

chuck norris' death is going to be the most annoying day on facebook ever 

the difference between sexual harassment and flirting is how attractive the other person finds you.

fevers are just your body's way of trying to kill the disease with fire 

we actually advertise when our food has real food in it. 

strict parents raise the best liars. 

"nailing" something is considered good, but when you "screw it up", it's a bad thing, even though screws are better at their job than nails are.

preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby. 

since 2000 we've gone from having a single portable cd player to having the collective knowledge of mankind in your pocket.

as an hourly-paid worker, i am literally paying for the crap i buy with hours of my life.

a family of crows flying into a wood chipper is called a murder suicide. 

it must be awkward for the wives who legitimately hit a door and got a black eye.

today is thursday, a day named after the nordic god, thor. to celebrate, i will be drinking heavily and throwing hammers at my coworkers.

in a 2 hour episode of "the voice," there is only about 10 minutes of actual singing.

i wonder if i have ever killed a celebrity while playing any online multiplayer game.

you know how people talking in slow motion kinda sounds like whales? what if we sped up whale noises and they were actually speaking people language but

restaurants with wifi should connect you to the menus section of their website so people order before browsing the internet.

a group of crows is called a murder. a group of people on the internet should be called an argument.

viagra should be classified as a hard drug. 

when i read a til and i already knew it, it makes me feel smarter than the op. 

if you do stuff with your parents you are basically the third wheel on a date 

chipotle should offer free guac as a way to pay america back for their e-coli scare.

a ton of people is only around 10-15 individuals. 

if terrorists ever scare me as much as "being in the wrong neighborhood" in my own country, the usa, i'll let you know.

aliens in pop culture always have humanoid bodies. it's like if sea cucumbers had scifi and every alien was just a different coloured sausage

the nsa could probably tell us when half-life 3 is coming out. 

netflix needs an "ending soon" feature based on stuff you're in the middle of watching so it doesn't just disappear on you one day.

people who say "trump only says what everyone is thinking" actually believe everyone thinks those things.

scooby-doo taught us that the real monsters are people. 

most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. we are reverting to the era of pocket watches.

saying, "happy new year," is kind of like saying, "have a nice day," but multiplied by 365

the only reason that yahoo mail is still relevant is probably because gmail users want a separate email account for email signups and spam mail

i dont know if jesus walked on water, but more recently ordinary people walked on the moon and i think thats more impressive.

guys who think girls don't notice when they are nice, are probably only nice to girls they think are pretty.

what if i'm a prodigy at something i've never considered doing? 

microwaves should count up after the timer ends. so i know how long the item has been cooling.

if you are married to a law enforcement officer, you are fulfilling nwa's mission by fucking the police.

we're the only species that drinks another species' milk, but we consider it strange to drink our own species' milk.

since brother is the older berenstain bear sibling, there were two years before his sister was born when he was an only child named brother.

one day prosthetic limbs will be so advanced that the paralympics will have better records than the olympics.

we should have an ultimate olympics, where performance enhancing drugs are allowed and encouraged in order to see the limits of human abilities.

according to a study, when you begin a sentence with "according to a study," people will believe anything you say.

alex trebek should host an ama where he gives us his answers first. 

the meaning of life can be found in a dictionary. 

babies cry a lot because any little discomfort is literally the worst thing they ever felt in their life.

if a character in toy story died, the toys would have to watch andy play with the corpse of that character.

i find it hard to believe that absolutely everybody was kung fu fighting 

"apart" is one word, but implies separated. "a part" is two words, but implies together.

i wonder how many foods are thought to be poisonous because the first person to eat them was allergic.

you can post a random gif of any porn, and someone on reddit will be able to guide you to a source in hd, place to download/torrent, even all previous

we all could have literally been created a second ago along with all our memories. nobody could tell.

if you make a statue of baby jesus, everyone thinks it's fine. if you make a statue of jesus on the cross that's fine too. but if i make a statue of baby

there should be a show like iron chef, but instead of making food they make rube goldberg machines.

as cars become quieter and more electric, crossing the street will become even more dangerous

they should make "college porn", in which all the actors and actresses lines are actual college study guides for specific courses.

if i search "define definition" in google, will i get the definition for define, or definition?

saying "it's god's will" when something bad happens is the same as bethesda saying "it's not a bug, it's a feature."

i have never ever stored any gloves in my car's glove compartment. 

the "unfollow" option on facebook was the best thing to happen to that site. 

there should be an app that looks up a police officers badge number or name and lets you rate cops by professionalism and display any connected articles

i'm 21 years old. there are kids younger than me in the nba making millions. 

if princesses get their beauty rest, do men get a good-knight's sleep? 

fathers day should be nine months before mothers day. 

i live closer to space than to asia 

google should do a "street view" of the international space station. 

if justin bieber somehow commits suicide, the internet would feel so shitty, being part of the largest case of cyber-bullying in history.

autocorrect should have options such as "i intend to swear.", "i have a large lexicon." and "i regularly use technical words."

the president pardoning a turkey must be a real slap in the face for the real life human beings sitting on death row.

in a rick astley concert, if he didn't sing "never gonna give you up", it would be a reverse rickroll.

if somebody who is allergic to eggs has eggs thrown at their house, it's practically biological warfare.

whenever i enter my house and a bad smell is no longer there, i'm more worried that i got used to the smell than the smell actually being gone.

it's amazing how my brain can construct these highly detailed and vivid scenes during dreams, yet i can't seem to draw a stick figure better than your

with 7 billion people on earth, every single day (24 hour period) there is over 19 million years of human experience that occurs.

somewhere there is a severely autistic person who can't help but see waldo instantly, and wonders what all the fuss is about.

in about 50 years, it'll be impressive when i tell my grandchildren that i'm older than youtube

if sunscreen was called cancer repellent more people would use it. 

life is free-to-play/open-world/perma-death with unbalanced starting classes and terrible pay-to-win mechanics.

we avoid risks in life so we can safely make it to our deaths. 

if kfc sold buckets of just their breaded chicken skin, i'd buy it. 

volcanoes are basically just earth's zits. 

the show "are you smarter than a fifth grader" is enforcing the idea to kids that the information they are learning in school is useless in the future.

we don't kill time, time actually kills us 

they should have made a remake of ned's declassified school survival guide where ned's grown up and he gives tips and tricks on how to survive college.

porn companies and disney shows are looking to hire the same demographic - adults who look like teens.

if the mayans had ended their calendar in 2016 ,instead of 2012, it would have been a lot more believeable.

relatively speaking cars driven by people will be this weird blip in history between animal and robotic transportation.

the best barber will never be able to have the best haircut 

samsung made a waterproof phone that catches on fire, is there a more deadly combination?

shouting "yes!" and "yeah!" during sex is perfectly normal, but shouting "yep!" would make it incredibly awkward.

if eve doomed the human race for an apple, what would she do for a klondike bar?

the only time incorrectly is spelled correctly is when its spelled incorrectly 

there are entire languages of puns that i'll never get to appreciate. 

i always assume my cat likes it when i meow at him, but i'd be pretty fucking freaked out if he started making human sounds at me.

car headlights should flash at the same time the horn is pressed to alert people with hearing difficulties.

for every reaction there is an equal and opposite social media overreaction. 

being a redditor feels like being a time-traveller, all the famous posts that i've already seen weeks back are now showing up on my facebook newsfeed.

ant-man could be in every shot of the new captain america trailer and we wouldn't know

when math teachers used to tell us "you won't always have a calculator with you" they couldn't have been more wrong.

what if we're not alone in the universe and we're actually a 'protected species' living in a space nature reserve where no other life is allowed to

your first time jerking off should be called your faptism. 

the "&amp;" symbol looks like a man scooting across the floor on his butt. 

we ask 18-year-olds to make huge decisions about their career and financial future, when a month ago they had to ask to go to the bathroom.

i wonder if i've ever been in possession of the same coin more than once 

every celebrity that says "follow your dreams" just has confirmation bias. 

i was much better at being myself when i was a kid. 

i live in a modest 1 bed/bath apartment. to me it's small, but for insects that find their way in, it is akin to the mines of moria, huge and cavernous

in 30 years, a song that hasn't been written yet will come on and make me nostalgic about something that hasn't happened yet.

phones should have a "drive mode" feature that will automatically respond to messages with "i'm driving"

hats off to the first guy in history to ever eat a crab, for he must have been the hungriest person in existence... "woah, look at that giant armored spider

in this solar system, all problems on earth are third world problems. 

i hope boat engines are measured in seahorse power 

weird al yankovic should release a serious song on april fools day 

starbucks should have a regular coffee line and a complicated ass order line 

selfie could easily be a another word for masturbation. 

since boston and philadelphia played the most influential roles in the american revolution, massachusetts and pennsylvania are the ma and pa of

a prison sentence is just a long time-out for adults. 

most of reddit won't see this 

all the coins tossed into fountains should be donated to the make-a-wish foundation.

some day, there will be a space travel incident that is compared to the sinking of the titanic.

they should make condoms that turn a certain color when you stick them into some stds

just completed a run and swim race, a "duathlon", and the whole time was thinking: duathlon or do not athlon there is no triathlon.

there is no "i" in denial 

dragons would think its cool that we create water in our mouths 

i wonder if dinosaurs sang like the huge primordial birds they were. 

nothing makes me sweat more than consciously acknowledging i forgot to put on deodorant.

let's say i'm in a bus full of people. if none of these were born by one reason or another, would i be alone on that bus or would other people take

why do they call it, the 'roof' of your mouth. since it is inside your mouth shouldn't it be called the 'ceiling'?

characters in the star wars universe are completely unaware of the amazing soundtrack that accompanies the most important moments in their lives.

liking a post before it hits the front page is like knowing someone before they get famous.

every sperm whale was once whale sperm. 

phones should have a guest mode like computers you can switch to if someone needs to use your phone.

once marijuana is federally legalized, we'll get to tell our grandkids we survived the weed prohibition.

dentists make money when people get cavities, if 9/10 dentists recommend a certain toothbrush/toothpaste, shouldn't we be more suspicious?

gotye is someone we used to know. 

the first person to buy mentos and diet coke as a snack was probably really surprised.

i imagine people in north korea have an amazing view of the night sky. 

any sex in space, no matter how badly it goes, would still be "out of this world."

i am no where near as scary as 10 year old me thought people my age are. 

me having a 'shitty ass fucking day' is much different than a porn star having a 'shitty ass fucking day'

as a 14 year old girl the funniest part of reddit is imagining you all think i'm a grown man

i've seen dozens of change.org petitions but never heard of a single one making any difference.

i see the google logo everyday, but i don't know which letter is which color. 

star wars is the story of a sentient invisible energy field playing chess with itself.

when i get an inbox notification, i wonder who i pissed off. when i don't get any inbox notifications, i'm sad that reddit is ignoring me.

saturday the 14th is just as rare as friday the 13th. 

if my drinking interferes with my work, then i'm an alcoholic, right? so am i a workaholic because my work is getting in the way of my drinking?

when i was a kid i was always told cats are scared of dogs, but i've only ever seen dogs that are scared of cats.

the current generation are having "love at first sight moments" on the toilet. thanks tinder!

the word "bumpy" is an onomatopoeia in braille... 

if japan had won wwii, we'd be learning in school about the japanese freeing people from the concentration camps in america.

we should have an annual holiday where we turn off all the lights and look at the night sky.

after seeing social media posts from my religious friends and family over the last few weeks, it's now very clear that i learned more about how to be a good

never once in my life have i seen a pop-up add and thought, "i want to give that company my money."

a cellphone camera's flash gets more use as a flashlight than as a camera flash

i still can't believe the seahawks didn't run the ball. 

you have already seen some people for the last time 

a big gulp in a north korean 7-11 should be called a "supreme litre." 

people who tell you "don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites. 

for anakin skywalker's entire life he had to call someone a master right up until he died

before the camera was invented, nobody had ever really seen what they looked like with their eyes closed.

valentine's day tomorrow, everybody is gonna be waking up to cute paragraphs &amp; i'm gonna be waking up to "100



if i could go back in time and tell my 5-year-old self that i ride elevators every day and ~95

that was the coolest thing ever 

people often talk about the spike in divorce rates like its a bad thing, but so many people used to stay in miserable or abusive relationships because it

i've spanked my wife way more than her parent ever did. 

when you put cheese on a burger, you are garnishing a dead cow with a product of it's own breast milk.

i before e except after c is another theory disproved by science. 

i wonder how disappointed my penis and balls would be if they ever found out that i have zero children after all the work they've done.

what if winrar is just waiting to sue everyone who kept their trial for more than 40 days?

if someone says "you love to argue" there is nothing you can do about it. 

why do fat guys have to deal with rejection but fat girls are meant to be loved for who they are?

what if the only thing keeping us from entering mirrors is our own reflection? 

d.a.r.e. led me to believe that there would be drug dealers on every corner offering me free samples to get me hooked. they must have confused drug

i don't understand why some christians promote abstinence as a form of birth control when it didn't even work for mary.

i bet foreigners visiting the u.s. are wondering why we never use the top half of our flag poles.

bathrooms should play loud music so nervous pooers don't need to worry about being heard

the reason they call it going to "the mall" is because instead of going to one store you go to "them all".

the "summer of 69" song is going to kill it in 2069 

in movies, someone fires a gun into the ceiling of a room to get everyone's attention. the person then speaks like someone could actually hear them after

i wonder how often fired bullets hit flying insects. 

it's more accurate to say "deaths were postponed" than "lives were saved" 

if you are subpar at golf, you are good at golf. 

if dirty jokes are known as adult jokes, why are you called immature if you laugh at them?

both "k's" on the word "knock" are useless. 

isn't the famous definition of 'insanity' the same as the definition of 'practice'? "repeating something over and over expecting a different result".

superman could hear his adopted parents having sex in incredible detail, every time.

asking for someone's name is weird... basically: "what noise should i make to get your attention?"

after playing pokémon go! for a month, i now sympathize with and understand my dogs frustration with claiming the hydrant at the corner every time we walk.

neil armstrong (neil a) is "alien" spelt backwards. 

if we were really in the matrix, the machines would never have let the movie "the matrix" be made.

if nuclear weapons didn't exist, we'd probably still have one devastating war every generation.

ten years ago, if a girl had told me she was going to get her "selfie stick" i'd have thought things were about to get awesome.

tl:dr, is a tl:dr of 'too long, didn't read', because 'too long, didn't read' is too long to read.

49 percent of the world is female yet i assume everything said on reddit was from a male

i'm not a morning person, but my dick sure is 

movie characters kill hundreds of henchmen but think they are too good to kill the main bad guy.

the world in "the matrix" was a post apocalyptic hell hole. if the machines had just asked nicely, i bet the vast majority of humanity would have happily

if john mccain is a war failure for being captured, isn't donald trump a business/leadership failure for filing bankruptcies?

we should start broadcasting independence day into space with "based on a true story" at the beginning so aliens don't try any shit

it would be satisfying to see alex trebek go on jeopardy as a contestant and just get absolutely smoked.

whenever i start to feel like i'm different or unique i come on reddit and realize there are thousands of people just like me

they say taco bell isn't real mexican, but it does the job for half the price...that's about as mexican as it gets.

you never notice how curved the inside of your shoe is until you put it on the wrong foot.

i wonder if i've ever had an original thought? 

a female peacock should be called a peacunt. 

“i’ll be speaking with my lawyer” is the adult version of saying “i'm telling mom”.

every current football player for atlanta was born after 1980. this makes them the millennial falcons.

every time i see a post about iss astronauts, i "oh shit" as i think the extremists have made it to space.

with all the porn i've watched in my life i wonder how many times i've watched someone get an std

50



i wonder how many cavemen would've been geniuses if they were born in the right time period

all animals except humans have the right to be nude in public 

1 billion seconds = 31.7 years. there are roughly 7 billion humans alive right now. so every second that passes, about 222 years, or ~3 lifetimes worth of

we all say nice things about people after they kill themselves. we praise their work and say how much we loved them. perhaps if we did this more often

they should get rid of the "small, medium, large" sizes for things like fries and soda, and instead use calorie content. "i'd like 1500 calories of fries, a

a subplot of many 90s films was the "business dad" who wouldn't get off the phone, resulting in a disappointed kid. nowadays, these roles have reversed.

if you have an unattractive physical feature, don't get too bummed out about it because somebody else in your lineage probably had it to, and they

old pirates kept everything for themself. today's pirates share everything for free.

there should be a shop where they have a boob scanner that 3d prints the perfect bra for you.

this time of the year is perfect for masturbating. if any of your loved ones ask why your door is locked, you can just say you were wrapping gifts.

i'm going to feel so old when the porn-stars i masturbated to start dying. 

we all walk around with 4k cameras in our pockets but every time there's a terrorist attack the surveillance footage was filmed by a potato

the best defense against someone video taping you is to blast a song from an artist serious about copyright infringement.

i just procrastinated watching a ted talk on procrastination. 

there should be a "pc health day", when everybody scans for viruses and updates their drivers

if god created humankind in his image, and to be rational and reasonable thinkers, then he would expect us to question his existence, based on factual

marijuana isn't the gateway to heroin. it's a roadblock. i'm too happy, lazy, broke, and hungry to wanna try hard drugs.

because of the large amounts of amateur porn on the internet, someone in the future will unknowingly masturbate to a video of their own grandparents.

"hey man!" is a greeting. "hey woman!" is likely the beginning of an argument. 

men get morning wood every morning, but "morning" depends on location..so there has been a massive boner wave going around the earth each day for

at some point in my life someone has probably seen me and thought "well... at least i'm not that guy"

so far, no one has come back in time to try and kill me, so i guess i turn out alright...

barack obama could be ejaculating right now 

when you see responses to a deleted comment, it's a bit like when kenny talks. everyone else knows what he says, but your left to figure it out on

i spent 4 minutes watching a video of dogs chasing their tails thinking how easily amused they are, then i realized i spent 4 minutes watching dogs chase

it must be difficult for someone named "rob banks" to open a checking account. 

since half-life 2 was released i have joined the army, fought in a war, left the army for college, graduated with a masters degree and started a new

we have automatic sliding doors everywhere except where they would be most useful: bathroom entrances.

if my dog left, no matter for now long, and i didn't know where he went, i would be as happy to see him when he got back as he is to see me when i come

as a gamer, i look at someone's steam game list instead of their facebook profile to see what type of person they really are

in 7 years, when referring to the 'twenties,' we will have to specify the 1920s.

martin shkreli was probably planning a price bump to $18 all along, he just knew any price increase would be met with outrage. bump the price to $750, get

there should be a "pick a random episode" button on netflix for the shows i've watched a million times.

a watch pronounces its own time of death. 

if i killed myself, i'd get a huge balloon and tie a gun to it. i'd shoot myself and the gun would float away and everyone would always wonder what

i use the "parents guide" section on imdb to see if a film is suitable to watch with my parents

i wonder if 90-year-olds are ever like "oh man, what was i thinking when i was 80? i have life way more figured out now"

if you sleep through an earthquake, aren't you technically shaken, not stirred?

dating profiles should include preferred ambient temperature. 

what if when we die, we get to relive our life in the memories that other people have of us? so the quality of our afterlife is entirely based on being

if it was true that one's manhood was directly proportional to the size of one's shoes, and inversely proportional to the size of one's car, then clowns

all words are made up 

smashing garlic in order to peel it is probably something that was discovered through tremendous frustration.

i will not rest until i find a cure for my insomnia﻿ 

when i vomit from a shot, my stomach is over-ruling my executive decision to get drunk.

seeing girls look really good on social media is the same as seeing fast food look really good on a comercial

my hand has probably traveled over a mile just from wiping my ass alone. 

most people drive to work every week with the exact same group of drivers, and they don't even know who those people are.

if mary was a virgin, that means her marriage to joseph was never consummated, meaning jesus was born out of wedlock. jesus was a bastard

if a fight video was uploaded to youtube and was over 240p, not shaky, and not filmed in portrait, i would think it was faked

a coffee and smartphone today are just the cigarette and newspaper of 20 years ago.

bagels are merely a vehicle to get cream cheese into my mouth 

when i see a middle aged person vaping, i assume they've made a healthy decision and quit smoking. when i see young kid vaping, i assume they're a

every shoe is buy one get one free 

duck-billed platypuses lay eggs and lactate making them one of the very few animals who can make their own custard.

take a photo with michael phelps and you'll have a good chance at getting gold next olympics

i've never seen a black couple with an adopted white child. 

plastic dinosaurs are made from oil... which is made from fossils of real dinosaurs

if you die a virgin, you would be the first person in your entire ancestry, since the beginning of life itself, who did.

the tsa would shit themselves if you brought a parachute as your carry-on 

you don't know your very own birth date until someone tells you. 

what if the reason for google making self-driving cars is so that they can drive through detriot for google maps without getting killed

i'm really glad my dog can't talk, he knows too much. 

"you saved my life" should actually be said as "you postponed my death" 

cannibals actually are what they eat 

the fact that i can turn a knob in my house and have as much clean, fresh, potable water come out as i want is literally amazing.

wouldn't it make more sense to to swear on the constitution, instead of the bible, while in court?

true embarrassment lies within your first email address 

i'm getting really excited for the final season of america! 

90

wars, just companies using star wars to sell their products 

as an american, i sometimes find it funny the way british people pronounce things. until i realize that they invented the language and i'm the one that

i'm an orphan who is single; every picture of me is a family portrait. 

i'd like to think that jessie's girl grew up and gave birth to a girl named stacy.

it's crazy how we pass our birthday every year and we know that on that day we were born, but we also pass the day we will die every year and have no clue

there should be a blackfish like documentary for pugs and other exotic dogs that struggle on a daily basis and are bred for our amusement.

/r/beer has a side bar. 

"practice" seems like a terrible name for a health or legal establishment. 

when i was younger, i thought 21 year olds were so old and had their life together. now that i'm older, i think 21 year olds are just big children who

the fact that there's a highway to hell and only a stairway to heaven says a lot about the expected traffic.

i never understood straight men disliking gay men. not only do they leave more women for you, they take another dude out with them!

i hope they make 2 more thor films so i can say at the cinema 'four for thor 4 at 4'

i haven't seen anyone complaining about the starbucks cup. i've only seen people complaining about people complaining about the starbucks cup.

zombie movies usually depict a universe in which zombie movies do not exist 

for a drink that is lemon and lime flavored, sprite isn't very sour. 

if you can't find your camouflage clothing, did you or did you not waste your money?

someday future archaeologists are going to dig up disney world and think it was some bizarre mouse-worshiping kingdom.

at first everything was cool, then we were all sick. things started to get hot until mixtapes caught fire. now everything is lit.

mobile keyboard space bars should have two parts - one part is if you want autocorrect to correct you, and the other part is if you don't want

sex shops should have self-checkouts like at the supermarket so it's not as awkward

the larger you make something out of legos, the higher the resolution. 

if i asked "what is your favourite sub?" my grandfather would name a naval vehicle, my mother would name a sandwich, and my friends would name a page of

one's own funeral could be the first time that people say how they feel about you and you'll never hear it

i wonder how many times i've been referred as "i once had a friend who..." or "i once knew a guy that..."

i don't think i've ever met anyone whose favourite colour is brown 

if the singular form of "mice" is "mouse", shouldn't the singular of "lice" be "louse"?

the i is the center of the word "hurricane". 

americans stereotype mexicans as "lazy" while simultaneously complaining that mexicans are "stealing all of our [labor-intensive] jobs."

when saying "poop" your mouth moves just like your anus does while taking one. 

parkour, only the french would create a martial art that was about running away.

the only animals that seem to get fat are humans or other animals raised by humans

i should name my cat "meow" so it could introduce itself 

the ultimate aim of charities is to no longer be required 

kids with two homosexual fathers are immune to your mom jokes. 

snowmobile engines should be rated in dogpower. 

the reason patrick is so clueless is because he lives under a rock. 

amazon really needs a "i have £20 to spend and no idea what i want, show me cool things" button.

in 50 years, retirement homes will host lan parties instead of bingo nights 

i spend so much time alone if i was ever falsely accused for a crime i would never have an alibi.

we would be broke if we stopped working. 

do christians seriously believe that, when he returns, it will please jesus when he's instantly confronted with millions of crosses?

crossfit is like the opposite of fight club 

the seven harry potter books are the seven horcruxes. jkr put some of her soul into writing each one and she will live on forever through her writing.

it's entirely possible that i am a former men in black agent. 

i wonder how much hp i'd have if i had a health bar. 

if you died while driving a tesla on auto pilot it would drive your dead body around for all to see

looking back on it, it's super weird that we as kids had to ask to use the vvashroom in class and would sometimes get told not to, asked why we didn't go

the guys version of "i shaved my legs for this" is "i washed my sheets for this".

how did americans go from rallying against the 1

the embodiment of the 1



if i had a dollar for every thing millennials have been accused of killing, i'd be able to afford living in the destroyed economy the boomers left for us.

time travel either has always existed, or it never will. 

on reddit, your credibility is based upon the age of your account, not the age of your person

i have the power to move things with my mind, but only while i'm holding them.﻿

if you would mount garbage trucks with camera’s you could weekly update google maps street view.

if you sleep in the same bed every day, your daily displacement is approximately zero

"stop agreeing with me!" creates an instant paradox. 

just by changing the shape of my mouth, i can use my breath to either cool something off, or warm something up.

you are still "it" from a game of tag you played several years ago. 

they should make little sticks that sit behind your steering wheel to help people communicate with others on the road when they want to make a turn or

ive never seen a broken lego. 

we should all run 6 kilometres instead of 5 so we can find the cure for cancer faster

ever wonder how many strangers have thought you were attractive in passing 

by illegally downloading music, i'm actually encouraging my favorite artists to go on tour.

my mother is the only person on this earth that has ever had the option to legally terminate my existence.

if you own zero dollars you are more rich than 80



i should be reimbursed for the data ads use. 

i'm british, but i watch so many american movies i'd probably end up dialling 911 instead of 999 in an emergency.

if a female inmate is released at that time of the month, her sentence ends with a period.

having a face only a mother could love is pretty cool when you toss milfs into the equation

autocorrect probably thinks there's an epidemic of people who have trouble spelling "duck".

drinks without alcohol are called 'virgin' because they never have anything hard in them

most of us don't like the buzzing sound that wasps and the like make, and even react with fear. but imagine if those fuckers were silent...

if i fall asleep at a friends home, instead of covering me with a blanket i'd be more impressed if they plugged my phone in to charge.

wallets are just pockets that we put in our pockets 

you had absolutely no say in the matter of your existence. 

car horns should all be tuned to one diatonic scale so that during traffic jams it would make an amazing improvised concert of horns instead of the usual

because of the rapid pace of innovation, the first people to leave our planet to settle a distant solar system, might not be the first to arrive there

sending a dick pick is literally junk mail 

if a serial killer was hunting me - he would become very pissed at my lack of routine.

does my dog realize he's gone deaf or does he just think everyone has stopped talking to him.

loading bars have been stuck on 99





basically, all pets have stockholm syndrome. we keep them locked up until they love us.

on mars, the reddit mascot should be a human 

a small child who draws a circle when asked to draw a star is probably either somewhat delayed or very advanced.

women live longer than men. gay men live longer than straight men. therefore sucking dick is the fountain of youth.

eminem should have been really impressed with stan's rapping 

you put things in a folder to keep them from getting folded 

why aren't cereal bags zip-loc yet? 

if only mosquitos sucked fat instead of blood... 

pussies are biologically designed to receive regular poundings and stretch to birth an entire miniature human; one kick to the testicles can destroy a

we're all background characters in somebody else's story. 

i am tied for the world record for the least amount of world records. 

the guy who discovered coffee is kinda responsible for every other discovery too.

the word "nun" is just the letter "n" doing a cartwheel. 

when you clean out a vacuum cleaner, you then become a vacuum cleaner. 

when you're a child, dirty jokes are considered adult. however, when you're an adult, dirty jokes are considered juvenile/immature.

if i made a sex tape, it could be a vine. 

steam should have a "recommended for your shitty computer" section. 

if i was a drug dealer, every time someone would ask for coke i would say, "is pepsi okay?"

did they ever find out if it was maybelline? 

if you die in your bedroom, you've passed through its door an odd number of times; if you die outside of your bedroom, you've passed through that door an

homeless people are the ultimate proof that ignoring a problem doesn't make it go away.

there's probably an it guy at the whitehouse that knows what the president faps to.

if watching porn gives men unrealistic expectations from relationships, then watching romantic comedies can do the same for women.

in the 1960s when i watched the jetsons, i would not be surprised to hear that someday i would carry a small videophone with me. but if you told me i would

today i went to the toliet without my phone and there 112 tiles in the bathroom

what if we aren't the first intelligent life forms in the universe, but the last.

the porn industry should be known as 'the jizzness' 

we should get a 3rd set of teeth at 35. we would take much better care of them than our second set.

i've never been told when to do my taxes. or how. or why. or even what taxes are. but if i get it wrong, i go to jail.

we invented plates to keep our food off the ground. then, we invented tables to keep our plates off the ground, which were invented to keep our food off

the two thing in my life that have the most to do with my health and happiness, nutrition and personal finance, were only superficially touched on

everytime someone on tv or a movie goes underwater, i hold my breath along with them. i've died almost everytime, they've survived almost everytime. my

the movie "it" should be remade every 23 to 27 years with the child cast from the previous version starring as the adults in the new version

the inventors of photoshop could've kept their product for themselves and had the time of their lives.

falling asleep on the couch and waking up with a blanket is one of the best feelings...unless you live alone

what if a sloth has been chasing me around for the last 5 years but he just can't catch up to me?

"good will hunting" could also be a name for a reality tv show about looking for thrift store bargains.

people who decide not to have kids probably are the ones who should 

i avoid having to read an entire linked article by reading triple its length in reddit comments.

i wish taco trucks worked like ice cream trucks. i'd run out every single time i heard the mariachi music.

aren't humans just a virus infecting and killing our host (earth)? and once we colonize other planets, have we successfully gone airborne?

if light travels faster than sound, why can i hear my girlfriend bitching at me before i can see what have i done wrong?

they should permanently host the olympics in athens, so there will be no need to build new venues and it will provide a boost to the greek economy.

bear grylls should reboot man vs. wild with one twist, gordon ramsay accompanies him and he cooks delicious food out of what bear brings him.

if you don't pay your exorcist do you get repossessed? 

an employer probably wouldn't hire a person being investigated by the fbi, but we will probably elect one.

i'm pretty sure earth and humanity is some alien's science project that he got an a on, and now we're just sitting in his room somewhere while he's at

i'm not the only one who always thought the d in disney was a backwards g for the longest time right?

patriotism is a silly idea, everyone would be better off if they pledged their allegiance to earth.

if objects attract all other objects in the universe, then no matter how small the force, the turd i just dropped in the toilet is pulling jennifer lawrence

in fight club brad pitt's character makes fun of the fact that airplanes have seat belts. 14 years later his character in world war z is saved by a seat

middle names starting with the letter 'v.' make it seem as if their first and last names are constantly battling each other.

you're all reading this from the future! 

if you win a one year's supply of calendars, you just get one calendar. 

stairs are just low resolution slopes. 

a bunch of guys at the fbi look at child porn all day. 

noah's ark was the first "bangbus" 

today is the only day of the year that's a command. march 4th 

my mother came out of a vagina, and her mother before her, and her mother before her. since i'm infertile, i'm the last link in an unbroken chain of

one day someone is going to have to explain "dick's out for harambe" to the child that fell into his enclosure.

literally the only purpose for the cover of a book is so you can judge the book.

thanksgiving is like the grand feast for people who are going into the battle of sales on black friday.

they should grow plants in gyms since there is more co2 &amp; humidity from people exhaling/sweating during exercise which, in turn, helps plants produce

if bill nye the science guy is ever replaced by a robot, it should be named eugene the science machine

i've killed as many people as the strongest hurricane ever recorded. 

before i die, i should chug popcorn kernels before getting cremated 

if my future husband is as introverted as me, i'll never meet him. 

there should be a "one coffee only" line at starbucks and dunkin donuts. 

the new american dream is having a positive net worth. 

porn movies should have a "bloopers" part at the end showing how many times the guy accidentally came before a scene ended.

just once i want a time travel franchise to release the sequel first. 

good guy elon musk - finds out that facebook is spying on everyone - destroys their $200 million dollar spy satellite by blowing up his own rocket.

the royal baby should be crowning soon. 

did trix cereal really change shape to circles, or are they still shaped like fruit and i can't see them anymore because trix are for kids?

stephen hawkings ama tomorrow should have a 'play' button on all his responses so the computer can read them out in his voice.

i really feel like farmersonly.com would have been much more effective if they named it efarmony instead

shouldn't the air and space museum be empty? 

i correct autocorrect more than autocorrect corrects me. 

the biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand, we listen to reply.

if mcdonalds is serving breakfast all day, they should take a spicy mcchicken patty and put it on a mcgriddle bun and call it the mcchicken n' waffle

no caterpillar has ever died of old age 

in the bible, noah told people when it would rain. nowadays, noaa tells people when it will rain.

the app is called tinder because you get matches. 

i exaggerate more than anyone in the world. 

the older i get, the less i use cereal as an item for breakfast and the more i use it for a dessert.

cyclopes can't watch movies in 3d 

going private is the funniest thing i've seen out of /r/funny in ages. 

imagine how many alarm clocks go off at the same time every morning 

i have never put a suit in a suitcase 

i went to the bathroom right before midnight and finished right after midnight. same shit, different day.

if the only certainties in life are death and taxes, the most secure job in the world is an accountant at a funeral home.

my mom doesn't know it but she likes me way better when i'm high. 

too often i close an interesting thread because i wasn't satisfied with the top comment.

missouri's state motto should be "missouri loves company.". 

people are born naked but buried in fancy suits 

nothing in the real world is straight. nothing in the digital word is curved. 

if someone in the same house as you is being quiet during sex for your sake, that means that they are thinking of you during sex.

give someone a penny for their thoughts. take their two cents. repeat. profit. 

in 2019, 30 years after its first release, billy joel should re-release "we didn't start the fire" with another verse filled with all the shit that's

when you buy something from a blacksmith, whoever smelt it dealt it. 

i wonder if penguins taste more like poultry or more like fish. 

being born is a death sentence 

i can't watch the walking dead because i can't suspend disbelief in a zombie apocalypse where nobody ever says the word "fuck"

had he not been healed, frodo would have made the dorkiest ringwraith in the history of middle earth.

i wouldn't be okay with wiping shit off of any other part of my body with just a few sheets of dry tp.

being gilded by someone in /r/frugal seems like it's more of an accomplishment than usual.

how much good porn have i missed because the thumbnail didn't interest me. 

for april fool's day a radio station should play nothing but weird al songs but act like they're the original versions.

dogs lick us because we have bones inside. 

saying you identify with the opposite gender, means you hold stereotypes about the opposite gender.

if there's one thing all nations agree on, it's having a flag. 

i don't think i've ever seen an uncircumcised penis drawn on a bathroom stall 

i hate it when anyone looks at my computer screen without me asking them to, regardless of what's on it.

books should be numbered downward instead of upwards, so you would know how many pages were left.

what if when we die, we instantly become a baby being born, but we temporarily maintain the memory of dying, and that's why babies are born crying?

every time i pop bubble wrap, i'm releasing imprisoned chinese factory air that otherwise had a life sentence for just being in the wrong place at the

i haven't swam competitively since i was a sperm. 

a machine that builds atms would be called an "atm machine"... 

preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby 

humanity’s fear of aliens boils down to fearing that aliens will treat humanity like humanity treats the world.

you can't turn the ability to read off. you can't look at words without automatically and instantly comprehending them. your brain has taken a

to an illiterate person, alphabet soup, is just weird noodles. 

the police will have trouble gaining revenue once weed is legalized and there are only self driving cars on the road

viagra's slogan should be "no more fucking problems" 

growing up, i used to look forward to a 3 month break. as an adult, i get a 4 day weekend and it's the highlight of my year.

after all the new star wars movies come out, star wars will be a trilogy of trilogies.

people who live in glass houses shouldn't. 

always bring the banana to your mouth, never bring your mouth to the banana. 

figuratively, if someone is "killing it," "slaying it," or "murdering it" then they are doing a great job. but if they are "butchering it" they are doing a

in a game of golf, the goal is to play as little golf as possible. 

every gym should have a beginner's room, so out-of-shape people can work out without feeling like they're being judged.

everytime i kill a spider, i am improving their genetic genepool by getting rid of the weak ones, thus innocently creating the ultimate spider.

do you think benedict cumberbatch's friends ever say "no shit sherlock" if he states something obvious

in a few hours, 120,000,000 people will get drunk while watching men play with each other.

i would love to open a german bakery and call it gluten morgen. 

the little mermaid is the story of a teen girl who wants elective cosmetic surgery, because she thinks it will help her fit into a more desirable class.

a broken clock has the correct time twice a day, but it's possible for a working clock to never have the correct time.

i wonder if magic johnson regrets wasting the world's best porn name on a basketball career

this shitstorm started when the button ended... the button was the countdown to reddits death

an egg mcmuffin is a younger version of the mcchicken. 

i'm going to blow my kids' mind when i tell him i'm older than the internet. 

black metal is probably the whitest genre of music on earth. 

going on a welsh journey to llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch is something that

if nobody in the world was willing to join their respective country's military, nobody would need to.

you have to hand it to liquid-plumr: they make a product you buy, take home, literally pour directly down the drain, and then you go back to buy more.

if you spell 'boobytrap' backwards, it spells 'partyboob' 

i must live 16 hours from the most interesting people on earth, because every time i want to post a reply to an interest thread it is 16 hours old and my

it bothers me that 12am comes before 11am 

nobody ever says, "you win some, you lose some" when something good happens. 

leonardo da vinci would shit his pants if he saw a printer replicate his masterpiece the mona lisa in 1 minute.

h20 is a chemical. water guns are chemical weapons. 

i am really proud of the soft drink industry for agreeing on a standard cap size for bottles.

you're more likely to be found unattractive for being insecure about your appearance than whatever makes you feel insecure about your appearance.

the taco bell in philadelphia should have a crack on its sign. 

spiciness is the only flavor your anus can taste. 

out of all the sodas i've ever mixed as a kid, i've never had pepsi and coke mixed together.

i only ever wear my black suit to funerals. i own clothes that hang in my closet, waiting for someone to die.

it's completely normal to refer to pets as "boy" or "girl", but not to call them "man" or "woman".

since our phones have essentially become pocketwatches, we should have the chain too. then we won't drop them on the ground.

your handwriting is like the accent of your hands. 

what if black holes are just areas we haven't unlocked yet? 

yelp is suing south park for $10m because of their recent episode, meaning they're essentially getting upset at them over a bad review.

when superman is poisoned with kryptonite, he is literally homesick. 

my wife has figured out if she cooks dinner she doesn't have to do dishes. i've figured out that if i do dishes i don't have to cook.

i browse reddit on my phone while on the toilet for shits and giggles. 

if firefly had aired in 2015 instead of 2002, it would probably have just moved to netflix when it was cancelled.

i can't be the only one who says "no it won't" out loud and hit the back button when a youtube video says "your video will play after this ad."

imagine if "ping pong" was "pong ping" 

using glasses after 18 years of not knowing you needed them is like getting a next generation graphics boost. i knew stuff had texture, but i didn't realize

everyone dies within six months of their birthday... 

your neck is really just a head wrist. 

kids with unique names who were sad they couldn't find personalized souvenirs are now reaping the benefits in available usernames and email addresses.

wind conditions at my desk have never necessitated a paper weight 

never in the history of calming down has anyone ever calmed down by being told to calm down.

the lottery is essentially crowd funding for a random person to become a multi-millionaire.

a school shooting is a horrible way to describe yearbook picture day. 

i can download a 1gb file from the other side of the world faster than i can transfer it to my usb stick.

i am less concerned about what homeless people do with my spare money than what most major banks would do with the same money.

reddit makes me like people i've never met and facebook makes me hate almost everyone i know.

my birthday isn't 3 months before my father's birthday...it's 9 months after! 

moe from the simpsons is always threatening to kill bart. moe is a bartender. a bart-ender.

perception of the bible or koran is a mirror of one's own mind. it will tell a good person to do good, an insane person to kill and an ignorant person to

a blanket that gets cold at a certain time would work better than any alarm in waking me up and getting me out of bed

gravity is more relevant to the plot of interstellar than to plot of the movie that is actually named "gravity."

911 should be able to accept text messages so you can hide in a closet and not talk on the phone.

if danny devito put on a mask and robbed a bank, everybody would know it was danny devito.

"google" is probably one of the most searched terms on bing. 

i feel bad for eminem's ex-girlfriend kim because the world only ever hears his very angry side of the story.

morticians should tie dead peoples shoelaces together incase there is ever a zombie apocalypse.

if bill gates gave me 40 billion dollars, he would still be richer than me. 

"my broom is collecting dust" is a perfectly ambiguous statement. 

all the digimons end with -mon because they are computer programs, and ".mon" is their extension for monster.

most of the elderly folk i come across smile a lot and are generally cheerful. i wonder if that's because old age brings happiness, or because the

i wonder how many of those "jerks" who don't return their shopping cart in the parking lot are single parents who have to strap their baby in before loading

i hate when people ask me to "watch their stuff", like what if someone actually comes and tries to steal it? do i have to fight them? i'm not ready.

"let me speak to your manager" is the adult version of "i'm telling mum" 

i trust google's search result algorithm relevancy so much that if what i'm looking for in a search result doesn't appear i assume it doesn't exist.

the irl version of lurking on reddit is that guy at a party who stands just outside a conversation circle just to listen and occasionally chuckle.

i'm very punk rock when i charge my laptop, phone, and headphones. i always use the same three power cords.

if we can't show female nipples, why don't we photoshop male nipples onto the female ones?

people who say they can't cook are basically confessing that they can't follow instructions.

the best way to kill a superhero is to give the rights to fox. 

a polo referee should ride a zebra 

if i was a woman, i'd be a seasonal stripper named pumpkin spice just to get money for christmas shopping.

why on earth are cereal bags not ziploc yet? 

it would be pretty neat if my samsung keyboard didn't learn new words while my browser was in incognito mode.

seven has the word 'even' in it. which is odd. 

as kids, we're told talking to yourself is crazy. as an adult, talking to myself is one of the few things that keeps me sane.

after 2015, no part of any of the back to the future movies will actually take place in the future

secretly get everyone on reddit to collaborate and post fake content for 24 hours and evilly laugh as buzzfeed, cnn, fox, and every morning radio show lie

did paper planes exist before real ones? what were they called? 

everyone who knows what til stands for once had a day when their til was what til means.

you can tell a lot about a history teacher based on when they use 'we' vs 'they' in a lecture.

as a kid, this time of year always filled my wallet. as an adult, the opposite has become true.

we don't give the people who browse the new section enough credit for finding us all of the good posts.

what if i'm always being recorded for a 24-hour reality tv-show, just like the truman show, and that one episode where i watched "the truman show" was

being poor is really fucking expensive. 

if everyone gets sent to prison for illegally downloading music one day, i hope they at least separate us all by genre.

how i met your mother was the world's longest ted talk. 

/r/showerthoughts is now a default subreddit! (please read) 

if prostitutes charged by the minute, then i would be able to afford their services.

when stores hand you a 'money off your next purchase' voucher once you've paid, we should all start passing them on to the people waiting in line behind

you overlook something you're supposed to see, but you overhear something you're not supposed to hear.

fish that are caught and released probably sound like insane conspiracy theorists to the other fish.

if you carved a dick in a dead man's arm bone, it would be a humorous posthumous humerus wound.

people on the internet are presumed male until proven otherwise. 

what if m. night shyamalan's career is intentionally bad and he intends to turn it all around with good movies five years from now as the twist?

somewhere in the world there is a baby stronger than all other babies. 

when i was young i thought that quicksand and carnivorous plants would affect my life a lot more than it has

the elderly often complain about how lazy the young generation is, but the entire course of human history was spent trying to make life easy…

i wonder if the girls on 16 and pregnant will come back on a show called 32 and a grandma.

why don't we send all of the unwanted pets to prisons to be cared for by the more responsible inmates? that way the animals get a home and the inmates

i'm more amazed by the way a needle plays a vinyl record then by the way lasers read cds

the unspoken heroes of reddit karma are those who filter their subreddits by "new" instead of "hot".

all of those "this is a buick!?" commercials are basically them acknowledging that people see them as a manufacturer of shitty cars.

i only ever feed my kids dark chocolate. they think chocolate is gross and they never ask for it.

after watching so many television shows, i don't think a movie is anywhere near long enough anymore to develop characters or a story.

i really feel like i'm doing toilet paper a favor when i use it to blow my nose.

it should be illegal to play sirens over the radio. 

amazon is trying to subliminally convince us to burn down the rainforest, with product names like "amazon kindle" and "amazon fire”

huddle is a more manly word for cuddle 

there should be a "meh" voting option on reddit, just an arrow pointing left or right, so that you can identify unread posts faster while scrolling.

machines are getting better at captchas as they get harder. humans are not. eventually captcha will be used to prove you are a machine.

i wish i could just like a text so i didn't have to respond 

kanye is actually in love with t-swift, but since he has the mental capacity of a 3rd grader, putting her down is the only way he knows how to express it.

why is suicide selfish, but expecting someone to go on with their unwanted life so nobody has to deal with the "loss" isn't?

when i was a kid, i didn't realize how many adults were just trying to "act like adults"

imagine a white guy born and raised in china and given few opportunities to learn english. if he moved to the u.s. and tried to communicate with people,

one day, i will be as bad with technology as my parents are and that terrifies me.

there is one day every year, where we unknowingly pass the anniversary of the day the dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid.

a hundred years ago, poor people had horses and rich people had cars. now it's the other way around

surgeons who perform sex change operations should be known as trans-formers 

i wonder how many anti-vaxxers gave their dogs a rabies shot. 

there should be an incognito mode on netflix, for the times when you're drunk/high and don't want to fuck up your recommendations by watching paul

there is more money being spent on breast implants and viagra today, than on alzheimer's research. this means that by 2040, there should be a large elderly

google should tell you if you're the first person to ever google something 

life is the worst videogame ever. literally everything is dlc. it's pay2win. the devs never update, balance, or fix bugs. there is no reward

taco bell should give customers an extra tortilla so they can make a burrito out of all the stuff that spilled out of the other burritos they ate.

this sub is gonna become much more active once waterproof phones become the standard.

you wouldn't name your kid "jew," so why would you name him "christian?" 

eminem should make a sequel to 8 mile depicting his struggle with fame and drug use and rise, fall, and return in popularity.

i wonder how many times i've avoided death by deciding not to go out somewhere.

wouldn't it be great if 20 years from now someone rolls a 5 and robin williams comes back to us?

if you order digiorno pizza on amazon, it is delivery. 

wireless mice should be called hamsters 

it's funny how some biblical names caught on and not others. plenty of daniels, davids, and johns, but not so many jehoshaphats, zerubbabels, and

i wonder if cigarette sales plummet right after new years eve, because of all the people that are "quitting". and then it gradualy rise again.

what if north korea is totally chill but have a crazy militant english translator who is messing it up for everyone?

it always seems gross when i touch someone's wet hand when they come from the bathroom, but i should probably be more concerned if it's dry.

i love how literal the word "fireplace" is. 

when we were kids, dick jokes were considered adult content, but when we are adult now, they're considered immature.

if a god does not exist, religions are the largest and craziest fandoms. 

because of internet porn, i've probably seen more naked women than three generations of my ancestors combined.

if jews supposedly control the media, why can't we have any good chanukah movies?

not even considering the mechanics behind it, the person who designed the watch face is a genuis. it measure 3 units of time on the same display. it's

my cat has to sniff your hand so he knows who you are before he lets you pet him. i have to log in to my cat.

"what doesn't kill you makes you smaller" - mario 

i wonder what would happen if you only let kids watch strictly black and white films from the 50's for the first ten years of their life, and then on their

pizza is eaten from the inside out. 

my butthole is entirely too close to my vagina. 

the word 'fuck' insults louis c.k. when spelt out. 

early humans must've flipped the hell out when they saw the moon turn red, then disappear.

the best stalkers are the ones you don't even know you have. 

losing a friend named molly at a rave would be the most frustrating thing ever 

when a tree is up, i cut it down. when it's down, i cut it up. 

in 1968, civil unrest fueled the media. in 2016, the media fuels the civil unrest.

unless you do your laundry naked, your laundry will never be truly all done. 

it's pretty close to the 2020s and i still think of the 90's as a few years ago

the old me is actually the young me. 

salt shakers don't shake the salt. i shake the salt. 

unprotected sex is like taking case off your phone. it feels great but you know you'll probably fuck up and have to pay a lot of money

americans use the metric system when buying drugs because asking for a teaspoon of heroin is just embarrassing.

in a way, charlie sheen has gone viral. 

the default setting on imdb should hide the cast members' number of episodes in order to avoid spoilers.

the more funerals you go to, the less people will probably show up at yours. 

i would rather work 10 hours day mon-thurs and get three day weekends 

no matter where you cut a snake, it will always be decapitated. 

reckless driving means you're a bad driver. meanwhile wreckless driving means you're a great driver.

if [deleted] were actually a user, he would have the lowest comment karma on all of reddit

only half of escalators escalate 

the most common lie i tell my girlfriend is that the spider she briefly saw 'wasn't that big' and i 'definitely got it'.

when a gay guy hugs a girl does he say 'no hetero?' 

r/unexpected should just pop up in front page once in a while even to someone who doesn't follow it

"they don't sell replacement batteries for that toy" is probably the funniest lie my parents told me when i was a kid.

i wonder how many miles i've scrolled with my thumb 

i wonder how many cooks over the course of history were accidentally convicted of poisoning before people realised that food allergies and anaphylactic shock

websites should post their password requirements on their login pages so i can remember wtf i needed to do to my normal password to make it work on their

muslim extremists are kinda like the three kids who got recess taken away for the whole class.

if we were to tally up how much educational software, textbooks and pdfs have been given out to students for free, piratebay is probably one of the biggest

if you filled a humidifier with holy water, you could have a portable exorcism machine.

a birthday is actually recognizing a successful orbit of the sun. congrats, space traveler.

crabs are basically battle spiders 

if my last name was pepper, i would feel inclined to complete a doctorates degree.

a clock is just a battery's lifespan. 

a selfie stick really ought be called a narcissistick. 

if your job was to browse reddit, what would you end up doing to procrastinate at work? make excel spreadsheets?

it's called an atlas because it carries the world 

facebook memories are a great reminder of how shitty my phone's camera was in 2010.

the easiest way to not feel alone when you are alone is to watch a scary movie 

congrats /r/showerthoughts, you're the subreddit of the day! 

the number of planets humanity has explored completely is zero. 

publish a "where's waldo" book that doesn't have any waldos' and sell it as a gag gift.

google chrome should have a mute button for each tab. 

they should put panic buttons inside cash registers, so you can press it whilst looking like you're retrieving cash

with inflation the way it is, there will be a time when the harriet tubman $20 will only be worth 3/5 of what the andrew jackson 20 is now worth.

shooting fireworks on memorial day seems a lot like celebrating 9/11 with a rousing game of jenga

there needs to be a dryer setting for sheets that periodically reverses the drum spin so you don't end up with a giant burrito filled with still wet

kids will never again know the joy of getting a new game and reading the instruction manual on the ride home.

that one guy 10,000 years ago who was born with the first set of blue eyes must have gotten laid so much.

i've probably spent more time looking for porn than looking at porn 

james franco and seth rogen are like the modern day cheech and chong. 

the 

invention of the mobile phone. 

if i had the post-masturbation clarity of mind before i masturbated, i probably wouldn't masturbate as much

what if after grade 3 i continued playing the recorder and went on to become the world's greatest recorder player?

if i have ever drank to forget, it worked. 

people say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem, but for buddhists it's the opposite.

people call a man a bitch when he is being a pussy, but call a woman a bitch when she is being a dick.

all ads are ads for adblock. 

i'm so glad i live in a country where my first reaction to loud bangs is "some kids with fireworks" and not "some maniac with a gun"

in canada we don't have "independence day" because we asked the queens permission to become a country.

i'm secretly happy when my friends don't use reddit because then i can send them cool things i find on reddit.

if /r/anarchy practiced what they preached they would have no mods 

the guy who thought up the "jar jar binks is a sith collaborator" theory on reddit a year ago still has over 2 years of reddit gold left from that one

even immortals don't know what it's like to live forever 

once you reach the age of 113 you are a teenager again. 

brake lights should get brighter depending on how hard the person ahead of you is breaking.

natasha is "ah, satan" backwards. 

we could have 13 months in a year each with 28 days instead of the current system. that means each month would be exactly 4 weeks so days of the week

google should produce and maintain an online jokes database and call it "giggle".

the phrase "so easy a kid could do it" doest really apply to technology. for technology its more like "so easy grandma could do it"

facebook go would just be hanging out with your friends in real life. 

one of the most helpless offspring on the planet, the human baby, grows up to be the most dangerous.

this century is already 15



if you think about it, "y" is just an enthusiastic "t". 

if i were ever to commit a crime, i'd do it on april 1st in an outrageous costume. so when the police are called they'll be all "hurry a man in a

bill gates buying a 1 million dollar house is equivalent to someone who makes $70,000 a year buying a 6 dollar item.

i'm kinda disgusted at the thought of drinking milk from my own species, but i'm totally fine with drinking milk from other species.

"nineteen letters long" is 19 letters long 

time travel might be discovered before it's invented 

if you're attractive with a smile, you're cute. if you're attractive without a smile, you're hot.

what if the sets in breaking bad were real meth labs, and the show was actually a cover for an actual meth empire?

insurance must be crazy expensive in metropolis and gotham city. 

i wonder if the 1st person to use sarcasm had to explain what it was, thus inventing irony.

ted cruz starts his rallies by saying "allahu akbar" in another language. 

if a picture is worth a 1000 words, why can't i judge a book for it's cover? 

unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic because they are more likely to be dead

until the first sound recorder, no one is history would have know that their voice doesn't sound how it does in their head

putting your phone in airplane mode sounds way cooler than it is. 

running for president is like having a kickstarter where you give away cabinet positions and ambassadorships to the people that hit certain donor levels.

it would probably be illegal to cast a 17 year old as the star of an accurate portrayal of the life of an average 17 year old

most teenagers pull their phone out of their pocket to check the time. we have reverted to a society that uses pocket watches.

if you don't sin then jesus died for nothing. 

i bet genies were a real thing until one jerk wished for genies not to exist anymore

i'm more aware of swearing in a tv show when it's bleeped out. 

"keep your head up" would be a great slogan for a viagra add. 

just realized today that closing time at strip clubs should be called "clothing" time

there should be a porno about giving dick to poor women, called robin wood 

"for national security reasons" is the government version of "because i said so".

the better looking a girl's outfit is, the more you want to see her without it.

people don't "try to grow a beard", they just stop preventing themselves from growing a beard

the most relaxing thing i can imagine is mr. rogers interviewing bob ross. 

since earth is the third planet in our solar system,isn't everything on earth technically a third world problem?

bobby flay should have a daughter and name her sue. 

i want to put a horse in a horse costume. people would see it and say, "damn, those guys are good."

mythbusters is just jackass for nerds. 

the saying "you'll like him once you get to know him" basically means "he's a dick, but you'll get used to it".

the world isn't turning into a worse place, it's just become harder to hide everything considered "bad".

i wonder if people appreciate the extra nugget i put in their 10 piece nuggets...

bullets are one of a few things that only do their job after they're fired. 

it's not an "uncircumcised penis" - it's a penis. that's what they look like naturally. we wouldn't say someone has an "unlifted face" or "unaugmented

i do not know which is worse: to be present and your presence not acknowledged; or to be absent and your absence not felt.

astronauts are about to eat food grown in space. technology has looped far enough around to make farming an astonishing achievement yet again.

captain america teaches children that steroids make you more attractive and better at fighting evil

santa let all the other reindeer be mean to rudolf until he had a use for him. 

if pi really is non-repeating and unending, then every possible numeric sequence is in it. converted to binary, every possible set of instructions is

for april fools day, the onion should just post truthful and accurate news stories.

somewhere out there is a man who cut skin off of my penis. 

life pro tips is full of solutions to problems i don't have. 

if i ever decide to open a bar, i'm going to name it "horn pub" 

the first human to take flight was likely a cave baby snatched up by a giant bird of prey.

disney has been instrumental in extending copyright laws, but most of their most famous movies are adaptations of folktales passed down from many

camping is fun as long as it's optional. 

i am a time traveler. i only go one direction and i do so patiently. 

everything we eat is processed sunshine. 

there are millions of books i've already read in their entirety - i've just read the words out of order.

if men wake up aroused with erections we call it morning wood, so if women wake up wet and aroused should we call it "morning dew?"

all our alien theories involve kidnaping, because that's exactly what we would be doing if we found life outside earth.

if hollister and lacoste decided to merge, i don't think many people would wear hollicoste brand clothing

there should be 'fuck off' mode on your phone, where no one can contact you and you can just use the data

if you make a killing you make a lot of money. if you make a living you make enough to get by.

my car just texted me to let me know it finished downloading and installing updates, and this sentence would sound like nonsense to someone living as

people say they slept like a baby as if it's a good thing. waking up screaming every two hours doesn't sound that restful to me.

if someone farts at a poker tournament, no one will ever know who did it. 

i wish that when somebody started telling a story, a progress bar would appear.

that would suck to be a caucasian person born in japan, grow up there speaking japanese. then move to america and start learning english. people would just

i wonder if i'm closer to my birth or my death right now 

my smoker friends eat less, spend less time sitting at their desks and are in the great outdoors much more than i am.

pimp my ride was the weirdest charity program in history 

if a blind person tells their significant other they've been seeing someone, it could either be really terrible news or really great news

in the lion king when simba sings "i just can't wait to be king" he's just singing about "i just can't wait for my dad to die."

whoever named "now you see me 2" missed a really obvious joke when they didn't name it "now you don't."

i can't make a call because skype is improving my skype experience, but what would really improve my experience is being able to make a fucking call.

by writing this sentence, i have become a small part of your world 

what if sleep is our natural state, and the only reason we wake up is to gather information for our dreams?

the reason why most duels took place during high-noon was so neither participant had sun in their eyes.

"god works in mysterious ways" is basically religion's "shit happens". 

after installing adblock, hot chicks in my neighborhood suddenly do not want to have sex with me

i judge people for their "only god can judge" tattoo. 

patience is something you admire in the driver behind you, but not in one ahead

when flying vehicles become feasible, there's no way the public should get access. instead, it should be for trained emergency services (ambulances, fire

my motivation to stop wasting time is to get things out of the way so i can waste more time.

is "ow" the sound humans naturally make when they feel pain or have we just learned to say that?

if ice cube got shot and killed instead of tupac, would tupac be making movies like "are we there yet?" and cube would be remembered as one of the hardest

gifs shouldn't start playing until they've fully loaded. 

surely the man who killed bruce wayne's parents is inadvertently responsible for saving gotham countless times.

being born into your parent's religion is the first time you agree to terms and conditions without reading them.

we are effectively living in the opposite of the matrix. we're in the real world but trying to live in a digital one.

gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we probably have never seen one at full potential.

everytime i hear a forced ad on the internet. i make a mental not never to buy what they are advertising. fuck you.

instagram would have been a good name for a drug delivery service 

putting death row inmates on suicide watch is economically irresponsible. 

every time you pick up a coin, you're being paid to clean up after the person that dropped it

samsung's note 7 is probably just ai discovering fire 

few things in life are more irritating than making an awesome joke (quip, witty remark), having no one hear it but one person - who laughs, repeats the

if assisted suicide were legal, people could have planned death ceremonies and speeches.

do dogs have a "list" of their favorite people? where do i rank on the lists of the dogs that know me?

if someone dies in their thirties, their teenage angst was a midlife crisis. 

a last name is like a brand of human. 

virgin drinks should all be served with a cherry. 

shakespeare probably never had to say "for lack of a better term". he just made one up.

facebook is where you lie to your friends. reddit is where you're honest with strangers.

if we legalize marijuana and get self driving cars, the police won't have anything to do.

coconuts are just hard-core water balloons. 

phonetic isn't spelt phonetically, there is no anagram for anagram, there isn't another word for thesaurus and ironically most people do not understand

every bee alive is completely innocent; they have never stung anyone. 

100 years ago a car would have been a luxury and horse a necessity,but today car is a necessity and a horse is the luxury.

i can post this here, and someone i've never met, seen, or even knew existed will most likely see this.

a broom is an acoustic vacuum.. 

we should change "lol" to "ne" (nose exhale) because that's all we really do when we see something funny online.

we'll probably see a til in ten years time that reads "til that the famous prodigy inventor ahmed was once arrested for bringing a home-made clock to

if google were to go down, i'd be convinced my internet wasn't working for the longest time.

your 20's are a lot like your teens, except the chemical imbalances are self-imposed rather than naturally occurring.

wrestling is a sport where two people without pants fight for a belt. 

i don't get why people are upset we haven't invented hover-boards by 2015 when according to the same movie, we should've had a time machine back in in 1985.

the young me is the old me 

they should have brake lights on the front of cars too, so people at intersections know if the other person is slowing down

if hell is as full of gay people as they say it is, i'm going to have a really good time

the biggest clickbait on reddit is not the nsfw tag, it's "comment score below threshold"

i wonder how many good movies i've missed because the cover art and description was crappy.

"i forgot to plug my car in" will eventually be the most common excuse for being late for work.

first we put watches in phones so that we don't need to look at our watch, now we put our phones in watches so that we don't need to look at our phones.

in the harry potter world, two people could have taken polyjuice potion and switched genders to have sex.

accents are like voice fonts 

the song "frosty the snowman" is about an ice golem who leads kids into oncoming traffic and vows to return after the police's pursuit of him ends in

"shit" is the only word that becomes its own antonym when it follows the word "the."

jackets don't warm you up, you warm them up. 

maybe i should start a science version of jehova's witnesses and go door to door teaching people about science.

in cartoons, especially tom and jerry, the mouse live in a hole in the wall. i've never seen this kind of hole in real life.

an animated hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy movie done by the creators of futurama would be amazing.

my wife doesn't like it when i introduce her as my "ex-girlfriend". 

all cellphone cameras, laptop cameras, and other webcams should come with a sliding door that has to be physically opened and closed by the user.

yolo should be an argument against being stupid, not for it. 

if depictions of hitler's mustache were illegal, you couldn't put a black bar over them.

tom hanks could easily choose to sign off a letter with just - thanks 

islam needs to eat a snickers. 

earth could just be the north korea of the galaxy and we'd have no idea either way

parenting a toddler is like being on suicide watch 12 hours a day. if you take your eyes off them for more than a few seconds, they'll find a way to kill

deciding not to buy lottery tickets is like winning a small lottery in itself. it just pays out discretely over a lifetime.

queue is just q with 4 letters silently waiting their turn. 

when meeting new people, you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. however, most book covers will tell you if the book is a romance, a thriller, a

"i cannot bear children" can explain childlessness in two completely different ways.

as a cyclist i assume every driver wants to kill me. as a driver i assume every cyclist has a death wish.

as a male i've received so much cologne over the years as gifts that i've never had to buy any myself. i've let other people decide how i should smell.

the only thing in life i consistently give 110



in the incredibles, elasti-girl probably had no trouble during childbirth. 

nsfw seems so much more appealing when i am actually in work. 

i text "hahaha" when i am actually laughing while reading a message, and "lol" when something is only mildly amusing. weird.

there has most likely been a time in your life in which you had an interaction with a stranger who died later that day.

the amount of real world success in my facebook friends' lives is inversely proportional to the amount of 'inspirational life advice' type images they

as long as you don't have kids, your 30s are like your 20s but with money. 

you could completely remove the semi colon from keyboards and the majority of people wouldn't notice until they wanted to send someone a wink.

people named frank should say, "let me be frank with you," more often. 

the movie "holes" is basically "shawshank redemption" for kids. a man is sentenced for a crime he did not commit, is harassed then accepted by his

there are animals in the world that have never seen a human. 

the name ariana grande sounds like a microsoft word font. 

why do baby clothes have pockets? 

when you change "woman" to "women", the a changes to an e, but it's the sound of the o that changes.

watching a snapchat from team snapchat is like having tom as a friend on myspace

the little girl from the ring hasn't been able to kill anyone in years now that vcrs are obsolete.

with sesame street moving to hbo, i wonder which character will be killed off first?

in an uphill race, the first runner up is actually the winner. 

there's no 'd' in 'refrigerator' but there is in 'fridge'. 

i've wanted to run away as an adult way more then i ever did as a kid. 

attractiveness is the sole difference between being "dark and mysterious" or "that weird guy in the corner that doesn't talk much".

does the hole in the middle of a doughnut still exist after you've eaten it? 

i will live forever or die trying 

a virgin mary becomes a bloody mary after you put something stiff in it. 

isn't having one month designated for black history segregation? 

in 500 years, people will think of me as being as technologically ancient and generally ignorant as i think of people in the 1500s, and that pisses me off.

gotham city is kinda screwed if it's a clear night and there aren't any clouds to put the bat signal on

someone had to go to robin williams' wikipedia page and turn every 'is' to a 'was'.

[meta] nick offerman brings our shower thoughts to life 

there should be a battle of the bands at each half time show during the nfl playoffs and the winner moves on to the super bowl show

we never stop clapping, we just really, really slooooooooooow down. 

saying "um" is the human equivalent to buffering. 



